Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family.

I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!

Departing for Orlando, Florida with @FLOTUS Melania!

Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!

THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!

Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU!

On no issue are Democrats more extreme ¨C and more depraved ¨C than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020

In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don¡¯t have the character, the virtue, or the spine! #Trump2020

Don¡¯t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, & the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, & the only positive VISION for our Country¡¯s future! #Trump2020

THANK YOU! #Trump2020????

The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary¡¯s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren¡¯t the Dems looking at the.

33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!

DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!

If I didn¡¯t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But I¡¯m winning anyway!

So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller & the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair & costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren¡¯t they

asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee

I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews 9 P.M. Enjoy!

Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador ¡ª Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!

Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. 
@LouDobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple!

S&P opens at Record High!

¡°The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we¡¯ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.¡± Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)

Iran made a very big mistake!

It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!

S&P closes at Record High!

Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, & those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?

This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.¡± Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!

President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled

Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!

On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked & loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not

proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting & more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!

The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, & now by staying.

When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!

Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President!

Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

A great book!

Thank you Jessica!

I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, & on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!

Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.

Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!

At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!

I never called the strike against Iran ¡°BACK,¡± as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!

I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won¡¯t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!

Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!

When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!

China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62%, & many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been.

a dangerous journey. We don¡¯t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!

Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn¡¯t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering & easing) & did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history.

Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4¡¯s or even 5¡¯s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, & easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!

I am pleased to announce the launch of (link: http://tmagac.winred.com) tmagac.winred.com. This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I¡¯m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat

Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!

Iran leadership doesn¡¯t understand the words ¡°nice¡± or ¡°compassion,¡± they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone.

The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran¡¯s use of IED¡¯s & EFP¡¯s (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more.

Iran¡¯s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry & Obama!

