The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don¡¯t fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! 

Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!

Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting ¡°YES¡± to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!

Thank you Minnesota - I love you!

Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!

I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie¡¯s wedding rather than coming to today¡¯s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!

I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!

The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (& most are onlookers) - that wouldn¡¯t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, & it¡¯s not!

Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!

You don¡¯t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don¡¯t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!

SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future.

Christopher Columbus¡¯s spirit of determination & adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay, we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, & celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean.

Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 

It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you!

America¡¯s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger & despair you are the reason we never lose hope ¨C because there are men & women in uniform who face down evil & stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT!

Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, & onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity & they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America¡¯s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation!

Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! 

The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven¡¯t gotten their checks - in other words, they weren¡¯t paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!

Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!

Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!

Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.

Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again.

Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared!

FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! 

FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government¡¯s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!

Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don¡¯t worry, the Failing New York Times didn¡¯t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!

Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.

Couldn¡¯t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania!

Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff¡¯s Office! 

Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders!

Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them, be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU!

