The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However, at the request of a man who I like and respect, and has worked so well with us, President Andres Manuel 

will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!

Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete & Total Endorsement!

GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you @BetsyDeVosED, @SenAlexander, and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership

This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!

Nadler hasn¡¯t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance¡ªCountry wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!

Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am ¡°still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.¡± This is totally false information and reporting. I haven¡¯t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!

Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don¡¯t, they create it. STOP!

Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say ¡°us¡± (our Country) as opposed to ¡°me¡± (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff¡¯s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!

While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!

Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together!

The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones!

Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn¡¯t move quickly, it will collapse!

Our Economy is the envy of the World!

¡°Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?¡± Lisa Booth

¡°Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.¡± @PeteHegseth They don¡¯t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!

The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!

Congratulations to @TitoOrtiz on tonight¡¯s huge WIN, a Great American Patriot!

Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere.

with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!

Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can¡¯t win the game, change the rules!

The Democrats are now admitting that they can¡¯t prove a crime, they can¡¯t prove a law was violated, and here¡¯s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter.

Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of 
@exxonmobil.¡± Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V.P. 

Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it¡¯s going to go to the Senate,

it¡¯s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd

Don¡¯t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting), Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn¡¯t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!

I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn¡¯t think that was possible!

The Wall is going up fast!

I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.¡±

I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!

The Democrats haven¡¯t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, & now the.

American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn¡¯t a part of everthing they¡¯ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.¡± @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal

This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.¡± Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal

What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal!

CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility!

¡°No president in American history has been treated like this.¡±

¡°The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.¡±

AMERICA FIRST!

Let our great soldiers fight!

Witch Hunt!

The Real Deal!

The best Economy ever!
This year is shaping up to be one of the best ever for investors, with nearly every single asset class on track to finish 2019 in the green. 

The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace!

Read the Transcripts!

A great choice. Bill is a winner!

¡°You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report, they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It¡¯s about as strong a medicine as I¡¯ve seen in a report of this kind.

in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI.¡± 
@brithume @BretBaier Are you listening Comey, McCabe, lovers Lisa & Peter, the beautiful Ohr family, Brennan, Clapper & many more?

I don¡¯t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading, but it sure wasn¡¯t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the FBI, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men & women working there!

¡°I can¡¯t remember anything quite like this (the I.G. Report).¡±

To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country¡¯s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness!

America¡¯s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers, Manufacturers, Energy, Unions - tremendous support. Importantly, we will finally end our Country¡¯s worst Trade Deal, NAFTA!

Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!

Nadler just said that I ¡°pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.¡± Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there ¡°WAS NO PRESSURE.¡± Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!

WITCH HUNT!

Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He¡¯ll eventually have to answer for this!

Read the Transcripts! ¡°us¡± is a reference to USA, not me!

Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts & prayers are w/ the victims & their families during this very difficult & tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local & state officials on the ground.

On my way to Hershey, Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate!

Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future!

THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD!

Day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment ¡ª and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP!

After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AMERICA FIRST! 

They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles.

Zero evidence that any law was broken. They¡¯re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.¡±

Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress ¨C don¡¯t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!

