I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I¡¯m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!

Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!

The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!

Still can¡¯t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?

¡°I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.¡± Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT

Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.¡±It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn¡¯t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn¡¯t about Carter Page, it¡¯s about the Trump Campaign. You¡¯ve got corruption at the DOJ & FBI. The leadership.

¡°You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton¡¯s political opponent.

Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn¡¯t even a hearing - that Donald Trump¡¯s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn¡¯t? This is the scandal here - a police state.¡±  Dan Bongino

There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don¡¯t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely & we will be far better off.

Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!

¡°There¡¯s no fairness here, if you¡¯re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you¡¯re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller & Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their.

positions of power. That¡¯s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton & the FBI, & when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.¡±

¡°No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.¡±  Jesse Waters

¡°There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons & Fusion GPS, & where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.¡± Bongino

We shouldn¡¯t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!

Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called ¡°left¡± is angry at him. So sad, but the ¡°center & right¡± loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown & so many other greats, even more.

The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!

just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!

Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!

The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!

Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!

Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff.

The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin¡¯ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!

I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!

According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. ¡°It wasn¡¯t about Trump, he wasn¡¯t even close to a candidate yet.¡±  Rigged Witch Hunt!

President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don¡¯t let that happen!

NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?

Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!

The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only.

looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!

Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!

¡°Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court¡±

The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?

Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it¡¯s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, they¡¯ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They¡¯ve gone all out, and I WON, and now they¡¯re going CRAZY!

The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions ¡°mentally retarded¡± and ¡°a dumb southerner.¡± I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!

Isn¡¯t it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don¡¯t know why Washington politicians don¡¯t change libel laws?

Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I¡¯m tough as hell on people & if I weren¡¯t, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody & everything-which is why I got elected!

The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!