Border rancher: ¡°We¡¯ve found prayer rugs out here. It¡¯s unreal.¡±  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.

Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy & her ¡°big donors¡± in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!

¡°It¡¯s the Democrats keeping everything closed.¡± @JimInhofe  So true!

Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!

Kevin Corke, @FoxNews ¡°Don¡¯t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....¡±  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!

Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No ¡°Cave¡± on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals & Drugs now!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

AMERICA FIRST!

I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.

Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice!

Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited ¡°Dossier,¡± paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!

Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!

.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!

The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - & all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!

Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story & the even more disgraceful coverage!

Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can¡¯t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!

I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.

Always heard that as President, ¡°it¡¯s all about the economy!¡± Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, & more. But LITTLE media mention!

Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn¡¯t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!

Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don¡¯t see crime & drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country & allow people to go back to work.

No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!

Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally & has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the ¡°lefties¡± in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!

Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I¡¯ll get back to you soon!

Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.

Don¡¯t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!

The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!

Thanks James!

A truly great First Lady who doesn¡¯t get the credit she deserves!

Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!

Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right!

¡°No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!¡± Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx

Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., ¡°you would need a magic wand.¡± I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!

Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay

Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and ¡°getting things done!¡± How is that working out? 

Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay

China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!

If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are ¡°immoral,¡± why isn¡¯t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked ¡°strangers¡± just flow into the U.S.

Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!

Democrats are kidding themselves (they don¡¯t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!

Looking like Nick Sandman & Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! ¡°New footage shows that media was wrong about teen¡¯s encounter with Native American¡± @TuckerCarlson

Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!

¡°The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.¡±  @foxandfriends

Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!

FBI top lawyer confirms ¡°unusual steps.¡± They relied on the Clinton Campaign¡¯s Fake & Unverified ¡°Dossier,¡± which is illegal. ¡°That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that¡¯s what they did to the President.¡± Judge Napolitano

Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump¡¯s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!

Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis & Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!

Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!

The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!

The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the ¡°podium¡± much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely & inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly & hence, the term, Fake News!

Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump ¡°Dossier¡± paid for by the DNC & Clinton Campaign, & funded through a...

big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard & gave him Oppo Research for ¡°a Russia probe.¡± This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews

Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano¡¯s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019??

Deroy Murdock, National Review: ¡°We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you¡¯re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.¡± @TuckerCarlson

Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!

BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!

BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!

The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela.

Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you ¡°BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!¡±

¡°The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump¡¯s First Two Years in Office¡±

As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an.

alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a ¡°great¡± State of the Union Address in the near future!

A great new book just out, ¡°Game of Thorns,¡± by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?

¡°This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps & welfare. Donald Trump¡¯s giving them a job. He¡¯s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.¡± @DougWead

The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends

So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI & wasn¡¯t sworn in, no tape, nothing?

The Fake News Media loves saying ¡°so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.¡± Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, & with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages & remains....

back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M¡¯s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!

Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!

Nancy just said she ¡°just doesn¡¯t understand why?¡± Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn¡¯t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!

Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn¡¯t devote much time to this!

A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D¡¯Antonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
















