Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA

We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern & LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted, our plan will transform America＊s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world.

@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won＊t last long!

The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!

Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad ※hombres,§ of which there are many, are being detained & will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch & Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!

All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!

Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!

※What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.§

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. 
@foxandfriends

My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!

Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?

The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn＊t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!

It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?

With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!

Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS!

Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews

Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today, and every day, we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation＊s uniforms!

Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN!

Word is out that book is GREAT!

Courts & Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS & SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!

As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.

Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new & positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion (and worse), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win.

for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!

For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias & dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which.

was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate & will protect Pre-Existing.

Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years (& soon will drop much further), Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax & Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, & much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!

Never a fan of @justinamash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, ※composed§ by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,

he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!

Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!

With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, & have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!

Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country＊s history - and we have just started!

False reporting yesterday. ※There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida.§ 
@FoxNews Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!

If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!

I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews Enjoy!

Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people.

who got them there. Chris Wallace said, ※I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.§ Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!

A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion!

Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  
@SecretarySonny Perdue!

The Mainstream Media hates to cover this!

The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didn＊t use many banks because they didn＊t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn＊t need money. Very old

fashioned, but true. When you don＊t need or want money, you don＊t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don＊t even exist).

The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That＊s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.

Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn＊t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don＊t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank.

was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn＊t like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!

※We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven＊t seen in decades.§  Stuart Varney 

Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!

Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I＊m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!

On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans & Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!

The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report.

Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!

See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 

Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight!

Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly!

Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you! #MAGA

Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me!

Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).

Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania!

To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! 

I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed & broken.

Mexico＊s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. & that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!

Pennsylvania - Don＊t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! 

So even though I didn＊t have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours), to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived.

at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.

Johnny, we will miss you 每 you did a great job!Quote Tweet

Wow, Mark Levin＊s new book opened at #1. It is great 每 keep it there for a long time!

Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!

After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, & interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesn＊t work that way-so bad for our Country!

The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!

John Brennan on the Mueller probe, ※I don＊t know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.§ Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.

Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!

Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!

Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they ※fish!§

After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats don＊t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!

The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically ※great§ economy, would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.

Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed.

Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!

Everybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others), that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!

※The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change.§  Michael Goodwin 

※He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN＊T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, & THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.

BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler＊s pseudo-impeachment drama.§Wall Street Journal Editorial Board

As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!

So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work.

But they really want a do-over! You can＊t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn＊t work that way. You can＊t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games.

In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country＊s history.

Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People 每 and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!

I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation＊s highest public safety award 每 The Medal of Valor.

In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: ※President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.§ This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!

Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!

Democrats don＊t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don＊t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!

The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didn＊t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower.

drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, & it should never happen again!

The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!

Rex Tillerson, a man who is ※dumb as a rock§ and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I don＊t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!

I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake & Corrupt Press!

When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!

