I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly.

I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!

Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.

Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!

Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain¡¯t what it used to be. Too bad!

THANK YOU @TPUSA! #MAGA

Oh well, we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.

Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD!

The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future, rebuilding YOUR Country, restoring YOUR destiny, and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS!

So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What¡¯s this all about? His lawyer represented the ¡°basement server guy¡± who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!

So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn¡¯t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?

It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history, by far!

Why didn¡¯t Robert Mueller & his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin¡¯ & Leakin¡¯ James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more,  including HIMSELF & Andrew W?

So why didn¡¯t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn¡¯t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the.

interview, including the Vice President of the United States!

¡°This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.¡± Chris Wallace

Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no.¡± In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION. 

I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning¡¯s hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!

TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!

¡°The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn¡¯t see what went on at the hearings!¡± @JesseBWatters
  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller & the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!

Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it! Quote Tweet

¡°Impeachment¡¯s over!¡±

The Democrats had nothing.

The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now.

¡°The Media¡¯s Mueller Meltdown¡± @JesseBWatters

Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy!

Thank you @RepDougCollins!

Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan!

Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes!

Thank you @TuckerCarlson @KimStrassel!

Great job @ChrisPlanteShow!

"THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER!" @SeanHannity

Thank you @MarkLevinShow!

Appreciate it @LindseyGrahamSC, thank you!

¡°Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins.¡± @ainsleyearhardt  ¡°It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say.

impeachment, you have a Party of one. It¡¯s over.¡± @kilmeade ¡°Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time & energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didn¡¯t know what was in his Report.¡±

Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!

President Trump¡¯s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52%, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends Shouldn¡¯t this be at 100%? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!

Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.

Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.

House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!

Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD!

We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well.

What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!

Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan L?fven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! 

Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn¡¯t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! 

I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!

¡°Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn¡¯t investigate the Steele Dossier.¡± @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews.And plenty of other things!

¡°Taken for Granted,¡± a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!

FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, & before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.

the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!

Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!

Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!

France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron¡¯s foolishness shortly. I¡¯ve always said American wine is better than French wine!

Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark 

The WTO is BROKEN when the world¡¯s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!

@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home¡±

Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!

Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men & women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA.

As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient & well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous & filthy place

Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!

Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 & others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!

The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly & irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude & incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!

The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick & disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!

Such a big victory of our Country! ¡°Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.¡± @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.

Democrats don¡¯t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!

Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through ¡°Oversight.¡± He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.

We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn¡¯t have to), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasn¡¯t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!

@RepCummings, why don¡¯t you focus on your district!?

RepCummings¡ª your district!

Thanks @JudgeJeanine!

Thank you @GOPLeader!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow!

¡°One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller¡¯s testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO.¡± Misty Marris  @FoxNews True, but many other great ¡°exonerating¡± things came out.

Robert Mueller¡¯s testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don¡¯t know how to stop. They can¡¯t help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!

So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!

The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!).

The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they¡¯ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they¡¯ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade.

If it weren¡¯t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.¡±

Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take.

a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation¡¯s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!

Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi¡¯s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!

¡°Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime & conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasn¡¯t gotten it done.¡± 
@PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!

There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!

If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical ¡°oversight¡± is a joke!

Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, ¡°Thank you, Mr. President!¡±

I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will.

be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.

¡°If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.¡±

¡°The Democrats hate this President so much, they¡¯re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.¡± @ThomasHomanICE @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!

Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!

Good luck with the book George, should do well!

I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him & Don King, always got along well. He ¡°loved Trump!¡± He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites & Cops!

Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain & protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!

If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left ¡°Squad¡± and King Elijah¡¯s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!

Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, ¡°it¡¯s a personal favor to me.¡± Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!

The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!

Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe.

even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!

The Fed ¡°raised¡± way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other.

countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That¡¯s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been ¡°easy pickens.¡± The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!

Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!

It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country, @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans, I thank them!

The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron), and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.

He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!

Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration.

She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA

Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!

Baltimore¡¯s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!

¡°I don¡¯t know what it¡¯s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it¡¯s not just Baltimore, unfortunately.¡± Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist  Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!

Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, ¡°The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.¡± Get smart people!

Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders & refusing to change the Loopholes & Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn¡¯t!

China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just don¡¯t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years.

My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue

to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if & when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!

Wow! Morning Joe & Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!

Senate is working hard on America¡¯s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!

China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo

Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe & Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states.

Don¡¯t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true¡ªdoes anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!

Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but that¡¯s ok because today is not about them!








