Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems don¡¯t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!

The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else¡¯s that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. It¡¯s like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, & technology.

on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don¡¯t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!

No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!

The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don¡¯t want Open Borders and Crime!

House Republican Vote, 217-185.

Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!

Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!

Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!

Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.

There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.

General Anthony Tata, author, ¡°Dark Winter.¡± I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.¡±

The Democrats now own the shutdown!

I¡¯ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!

Today, it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people!

Today, it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213, the ¡°Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.¡± The Act redesignates the @DHSgov Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. 

A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful!

Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America¡¯s Southern Border!

Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!

I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking & more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally.

going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We¡¯re coming home!

Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.

The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!

I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless & costly foreign wars & also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won¡¯t fight for the borders of our own!

Senate adjourns until December 27th.

I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  

Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!

If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home (happy & healthy), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!

When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn¡¯t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.

The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!

I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, & previously Boeing. He will be great!

I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, & the slow & highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.

Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!

We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is ¡°the mistake¡± of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!

Senator Bob Corker just stated that, ¡°I¡¯m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that¡¯s what I told the people of our state that¡¯s what I¡¯d do, serve for two terms.¡± But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn¡¯t endorse him.

Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over.

Thanks @RandPaul  ¡°I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. We¡¯ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He¡¯s different...that¡¯s why he got elected.¡±

¡°It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and he¡¯s right...The generals still don¡¯t get the mistake.¡±

Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best & most productive of his career. Tax & Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships & much more. Great!

The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you can¡¯t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones & Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!

¡°The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.¡± Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!

President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right ¡°next door.¡± Our troops are coming home!

Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!

To those few Senators who think I don¡¯t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I don¡¯t like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade.

We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!

For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.

The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don¡¯t have a feel for the Market, they don¡¯t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can¡¯t score because he has no touch - he can¡¯t putt!

I never ¡°lashed out¡± at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!

The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!

Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isn¡¯t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!

I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!

Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea ¨C Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim!

I am in the Oval Office & just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, & lives, will be saved!

I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS! 

Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!

Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!

Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members & Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?

The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting & expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!

The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn¡¯t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that¡¯s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.

¡°Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.¡± Democrat¡¯s say they don¡¯t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed), and they don¡¯t want ICE. They don¡¯t have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!

There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!

Brad Blakeman: ¡°The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, you¡¯ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don¡¯t always look to America.¡±

This isn¡¯t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump & the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!

CNN & others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!

