A must read by @KimStrassel!

I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations.

Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!

Great new book: ¡°The Case For Trump¡± by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.

God Bless the people of Venezuela!

There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That¡¯s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn¡¯t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!

The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country ¨C and their future....

There¡¯s not one shred of evidence that this president¡¯s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.¡± Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!

So great being with you both in the Oval Office!

HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called ¡°A Salute To America¡± and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!

Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?

President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!

Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!

Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves ¡°because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.¡± Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women¡¯s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!

The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where¡¯s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!

I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......

productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. & China!

We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!

Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!

Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!

Meeting for breakfast with our Nation¡¯s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!

Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin¡¯ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!

Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?¡±

Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!

It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home.

Danny¡¯s recovery reflects the best of what the United States & its partners can accomplish.
We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with.

our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny¡¯s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!

China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let¡¯s see what happens?

Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!

If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!

Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!

Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!

The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn¡¯t do ¡°it¡± during eight years of the Obama Administration?

I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!

Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it¡¯s where the action is!

All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization & then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan & South Korea will be very helpful!

Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!

Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow!

THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam!

Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews

I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU!