Thanks to ¡°Phantom Fireworks¡± and ¡°Fireworks by Grucci" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve.

Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction & Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve.

Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.

More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday¡¯s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D.C.

Thanks @RobertJeffress!

A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won¡¯t allow a question of ¡°Is this person a Citizen of the United States?¡± to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice.

to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!

Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!

Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!

We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!

S&P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!

China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!

The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door (Andrews), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!

Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!

The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.

Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.

came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked & aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!

Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!

If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!

Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!

Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to ¡°any amount we want¡± if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!

Today¡¯s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!

So important for our Country that the very simple and basic ¡°Are you a Citizen of the United States?¡± question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!

HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!

People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.

and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low & loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!

Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest & most disloyal men in Congress is ¡°quitting¡± the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldn¡¯t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!

Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!

Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!

Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!

#SaluteToAmerica????#July4th

A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica

Thank you Marc!

Thanks Ari!

Tammy is a great person!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

¡°Record 157,005,000 Employed; 19th Record of Trump Era¡±

Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService!

My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!

Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn¡¯t have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, & tightened, while others did just the opposite.

As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, & used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!

Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you, Mr. President!

Democrats must change the Loophole & Asylum Laws - but they probably won¡¯t! They want Open Borders, which means massive crime and drugs!

Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, well deserved!
Quote Tweet

Great Coach, Great Guy!

A wonderful man and great Republican!

Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won¡¯t win!

Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone¡¯s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!

Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!

Congratulations to the U.S. Women¡¯s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!

The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing @nytimes, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .

United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News & the Dems said it was ¡°manufactured.¡± Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.

brought up, not them) because the Dems won¡¯t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!

We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn¡¯t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, & needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!

Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin¡¯ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, & got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate.

Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian & Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But 
@FoxNews, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats & even using Fake unsourced 
@nytimes as.

a ¡°source¡± of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, & what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!

Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile, the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, & failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far.

their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. That¡¯s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!

Cute!

A massive crowd that Fake News & some Dems didn¡¯t want to Report!

Thank you Ari!

Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer, Dr. John Eastman, said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM!

I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well.

thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!

Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!

Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!

The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was.

handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don¡¯t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy & Military  anywhere in the World, by far.

and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.Thank you, Mr. President!

¡°I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.¡±  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!

Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you!

With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he¡¯s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.¡± Thank you to Bruce Hrobak

Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN

India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!

Recent ¡°strained¡± decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, ¡°Are you a citizen of the United States¡± on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world¡¯s most expensive & pathetic.

healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President¡¯s most important decision. SO TRUE!


