Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can¡¯t imagine why?

Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!

Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!

Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged & Fake Media!

So terrible!

Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!

See you in New Hampshire!

It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, & cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!

True! Without being stuck at an airport, where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience, they¡¯ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America!

Thank you Bill!

No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!

Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run ¨C and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU!

Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (& has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes & Asylum.

A fighter and champion, GREAT!

Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern!

The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.¡± Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!

So far, you¡¯ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you can¡¯t tell me that it has hurt our economy...& it really hasn¡¯t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.¡± @Varneyco @FoxBusiness And we are taking in $Billions!

Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!

The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said ¡°mid cycle adjustment.¡± 2. We¡¯re data dependent.  ¡°He did not do the right thing.¡± I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco

We are winning, big time, against China. Companies & jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much & too fast. Now too slow to cut.

Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards & Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!

Unlike others, our economy is strong!

Sad!

Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and ¡°pouring¡± money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short.

deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!

I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a ¡°tough business.¡± I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?

Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show.

Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction!

Go out and get Andrew McCarthy¡¯s new book, ¡°Ball of Collusion.¡± ¡°Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed & knew exactly.

what they were doing. There¡¯s plenty of indication, we don¡¯t have to speculate.¡± @SteveDoocy ¡°Holy cow, got to read this book.¡± @ainsleyearhardt ¡°WOW!¡±  @foxandfriends A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP

The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!

It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel & all Jewish people, & there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!

If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt!

The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!

Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!

Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!

Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!

The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!

Biden doesn¡¯t have a clue! I will solve the China problem.

Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget.

Sadly, much truth to this!

¡°If they don¡¯t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There¡¯s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree).¡± Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation

Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Don¡¯t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.

Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Great news! Tonight, we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester, New Hampshire!

Thank you Rudy!

A great evening, with incredible people, in New Hampshire!

Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!

Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!

Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

Israel was very respectful & nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her ¡°grandmother.¡± As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded & loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!

Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib¡¯s grandmother. She doesn¡¯t have to see her now!

Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming, not happy about this!

I donate 100% of my President¡¯s salary, $400,000, back to our Country, and feel very good about it!

Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!

Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!

Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!

Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn¡¯t get you in, will be back soon!

Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems & their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People!

Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an ¡°ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.¡± Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!

Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times!

The Fake News Media HATES to see this!

Thank you!

Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes!

The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report & his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt.

Journalism¡± has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! 

With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Doing really well!

We are doing very well with China, and talking!

Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn¡¯t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!

Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!

House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it & the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!

Thank you @TedCruz, I couldn¡¯t agree more!

The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. I¡¯m fairly certain they¡¯ll endorse me just to keep it all going!

Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we¡¯ve had so far! Think what they¡¯d be if I got fair media coverage!

Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable ¡°nut job¡± who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, & then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,

got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, ¡°something big¡± was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn¡¯t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!

Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems don¡¯t know where to start!

Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to ¡°will¡± the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world.

The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!

Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought!

Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn¡¯t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU! #MAGA

Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!

Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the @G7, in France!

Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019

I promise not to do this to Greenland!

Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days!

Thank you Jon, working hard!

Congratulations, Great Show!

The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country, The Enemy of the People!

Two incredible people. I can¡¯t believe they¡¯re not working (few work harder)!

Thank you Mike!

Maria, despite all of their will and energy, it won¡¯t work!

Ratings are way down, lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch!

Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence!

Thank you!

The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News, they are treading in very dangerous territory!

Sorry, I don¡¯t buy Rep. Tlaib¡¯s tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!




