Looking forward to tomorrow night¡¯s rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern!

Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse

So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today¡¯s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most.

visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!

¡°In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. They¡¯re entitled to their.

opinion, they¡¯re Americans. Now I¡¯m entitled to my opinion, & I just think they¡¯re left wing cranks. They¡¯re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, & we should ignore them. The ¡°squad¡± has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and.

they are destroying the Democrat Party. I¡¯m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I¡¯m entitled to say that they¡¯re Wack Jobs.¡±  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy

The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go ¡°fishing.¡± The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!

Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment & Stock Market Numbers EVER. I¡¯ll talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country (mostly love)!

After a ten year search, the so-called ¡°mastermind¡± of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!

New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that ¡°Trump¡± numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  

GOD BLESS THE USA

See you tonight, North Carolina!

The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the.

Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!

THANK YOU Greenville, North Carolina!

Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and LAWFUL system of immigration! 

The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker, the American Family & the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, NC!

Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!

A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn¡¯t trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much

of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas & Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, & robbing the U.S. Government blind!

Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted & arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.

of gang members, in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!

I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving #USSBoxer, a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.

Today, on behalf of the American people, I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy.

This should have been taken care of years ago, the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the @WhiteHouse for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 @SpecialOlympics @WorldGamesAD! Congratulations @specialolyUSA! #Cheer4USA

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience.

working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ? years than perhaps any Administration in history!

Great new book, ¡°Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.¡± Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!

It is amazing how the Fake News Media became ¡°crazed¡± over the chant ¡°send her back¡± by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm & accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen.

Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a.

State which I will win in #2020 because they can¡¯t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment & economic year in Minnesota¡¯s long and beautiful history!

Thomas ¡°the Chin¡± Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and.

he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, ¡°Trump Will Be Re-elected, Won¡¯t He?¡± He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.

Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country & the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!

Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!

I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed ¡°raised¡± far too fast & too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, & winning big,

but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and ¡°so much,¡± we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don¡¯t blow it!

Fed: There is almost no inflation!

Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky¡¯s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!

With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets!

As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA!

Thank you Bill. Very nice!

You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before!

Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan L?fven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative.

Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!

Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Country¡¯s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!

I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you¡¯re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!  

The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!

Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.

The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. You¡¯ll see in 2020!

Presidential Harassment!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I don¡¯t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak & insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!

Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy.

Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!

Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured.

Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous & bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a ¡°manufactured crisis,¡± as the Fake News Media & their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!

Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do!

With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.

as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, & GDP & our Country¡¯s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time & money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!

It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive,  to move now. The Fed raised & tightened far too much & too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Don¡¯t miss it again!

The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said ¡°Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.¡± Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,

except for those stated by me, & ¡°reams of paper¡± were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean & belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel & our Country!

The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, & no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!

Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!

Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!

But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton¡¯s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?

The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!

Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!

The ¡°Squad¡± is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!

I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills.

This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!

When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!

¡°I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody¡¯s time and taxpayer¡¯s money.¡±

Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, let¡¯s see: We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,

Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History, Best V.A. in History (Choice), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, let¡¯s impeach the President. The ¡°Squad¡± (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!

Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China ¡°replacement¡± money didn¡¯t exactly hurt!

Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the ¡°BAN,¡±

Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.

In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, & the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! ¡°We are going to be a nightmare to the President,¡± she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!

When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!

Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!




