Target CEO raves about the Economy. ¡°This is the best consumer environment I¡¯ve seen in my career.¡± A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, & when our Trade Deals are made, & cost cutting done, you haven¡¯t seen anything yet! 

Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.

Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over ¡°classified¡± information. Gee, this is ¡°small potatoes¡± compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.

I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.

Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)

Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!

Michaels Cohen¡¯s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!

Jeff Sessions said he wouldn¡¯t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn¡¯t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!

¡°Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.¡±

¡°The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.¡± They purposely didn¡¯t look at the disasters. This news is just out.

Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!

Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!

My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!

¡°Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.¡± Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the ¡°other side¡± including deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page,

FISA abuse, Christopher Steele & his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers & documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!

Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can¡¯t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!

Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!

Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.¡±

Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!

Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!

The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn¡¯t want to say. Tiger wouldn¡¯t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!

Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!

Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida¡­.Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!

Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.

¡°President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.¡± 

NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!

I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don¡¯t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!

Google search results for ¡°Trump News¡± shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me & others, so that almost all stories & news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative & Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of.

results on ¡°Trump News¡± are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google & others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!

Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!

Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!

Report just out: ¡°China hacked Hillary Clinton¡¯s private Email Server.¡± Are they sure it wasn¡¯t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!

Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!

Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!

New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! 

Hillary Clinton¡¯s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI & DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!

Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!

Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime & many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!

¡°The Obama people did something that¡¯s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I¡¯m beginning to think it is rotten & corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.¡±

¡°Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there¡¯s no doubt about that!¡± 

Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

¡°Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.¡± @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don¡¯t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!

When you see ¡°anonymous source,¡± stop reading the story, it is fiction!

Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!

White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!

Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!

How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!

STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE
President Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with.

considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts.

of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.¨CChina trade disputes, and other.

differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China¡¯s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.

CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News

¡°Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.¡± @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn¡¯t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it¡¯s FAKE NEWS!

¡°Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn¡¯t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in.

charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ & FBI in there, & if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her.¡± 

The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, & AT&T should fire him to save credibility!

What¡¯s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!

I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn¡¯t matter to them, they only have their hatred & agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!

The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k¡¯s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!

Ivanka Trump & Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called ¡°pushing out¡± of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn¡¯t exist-just a ¡°smooth running machine¡± with changing parts!

The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!

Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr¡¯s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!

The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!

I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!

Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana¡¯s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military & Vets. Will be a big night!

CNN is working frantically to find their ¡°source.¡± Look hard because it doesn¡¯t exist. Whatever was left of CNN¡¯s credibility is now gone!

Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, & loves our Military & Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!