Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!

Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!

The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time!

The Witch Hunt continues!

The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing!

Thank you Steve!

It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible!

Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can¡¯t have a quid pro quo with no quo.¡± Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!

Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!

Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA & other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. ¡°I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive.

Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national & local student organization. Our studends.

feel EMPOWERED. There¡¯s a movement happening on these campuses like I¡¯ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn¡¯t get in, that¡¯s pretty remarkable!¡±  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House.Thank you!

Where¡¯s the Whistleblower? 

Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. 

The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!

Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don¡¯t know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency.

Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, I¡¯m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!

It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!

It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! 

PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019

(Kiddingly) We¡¯re building a Wall in Colorado¡±(then stated, ¡°we¡¯re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we¡¯re building on the Border¡±) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado & Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!

Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt!

It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing!

Don¡¯t hurt them please!

The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn¡¯t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!

Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!

The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!

I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!

Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!

Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn¡¯t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!

So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls & unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it¡¯s not so easy out there if you don¡¯t know what you¡¯re doing. He wasn¡¯t effective for USA workers, just talk!

Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don¡¯t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.

USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then.

COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!

¡°Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at & to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry.¡± @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou

Heading to South Carolina!

Thank you @robertjeffress!

It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you!

I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors.

in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!

To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!

Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they don¡¯t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.

The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!

My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!

My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am-2pm at http://TakeBackDay.DEA.gov. #TakeBackDay

General Michael Flynn¡¯s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to ¡°take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn.

They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard & Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.

the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence & information, as are Clapper & Brennan & all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.¡±(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!

Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!

Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!

¡°Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.¡± @TuckerCarlson It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!

I can¡¯t believe that Nancy Pelosi¡¯s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary & environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.

We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!

The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!

Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce & sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will.

greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!

My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at http://TakeBackDay.DEA.gov. #TakeBackDay

The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!

Where¡¯s the Whistleblower?

LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana¡¯s economy and your Second Amendment rights....

Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!

MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, 
@TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment.

He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military.

Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, 

Something very big has just happened!

As Diwali commences, @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! 

Thank you to @MarthaRaddatz and @TerryMoran for a job well done!

The S&P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-K¡¯s, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!

THANK YOU #IACP2019!

An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger!

We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi!

So nice, thank you!

Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn¡¯t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn¡¯t be surprised if!!Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!

Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.¡± J.J. Crovatto  Don¡¯t worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker & corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party & me!

¡°There is no underlying crime in that transcript.¡± @IngrahamAngle 100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!

The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty¡¯s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!

¡°This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.¡±

Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE.

Correct, a total scam!

A great book by a great guy. Get it now!

Where¡¯s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!

The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!

How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?

Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call ¡°concerned¡± today¡¯s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can¡¯t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!

Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi¡¯s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!

A great new book just out, ¡°The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.¡± Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!

Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!

Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don¡¯t we have to follow our competitors?¡± @Varneyco
  Yes we do. The Fed doesn¡¯t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!

Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.

the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, ¡°No Pressure.¡± This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!

The Greatest Economy in American History!

¡°It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she¡¯s going to put it to a vote because that¡¯s what her political left really wants.¡± @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!

A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!

Yesterday¡¯s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!

Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say they¡¯re going to filibuster for the exact same program.¡± @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!

¡°Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS & other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won¡¯t fund.

the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.¡±  
@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN (all three)!



