3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!

¡°Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.¡± Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends

ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....

....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!

It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time ¨C and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!

It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!

Today in Florida, @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia!

¡°No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.¡±  @BretBaier  @FoxNews

¡°The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.¡±

¡°Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.¡±

Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel¡¯s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more: 

WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ¡®Abuse of Surveillance Powers¡¯ 

A team of great champions!

The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!

¡°What we¡¯re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.¡± @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!

The Republican Party will become ¡°The Party of Healthcare!¡±

¡°A Catastrophic Media Failure¡±

Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today¡¯s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!

¡°Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel¡± 

¡°I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe¡± Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson

The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T.V. ratings of CNN & MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!

¡°Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history¡±

Just met with @SundarPichai, President of @Google, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military.

Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!

We are here today to award America¡¯s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation ¨C Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins.

Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, & others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North & South Carolina & all over!

The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major ¡°breakdown,¡± have ZERO credibility or respect, & must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!

Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don¡¯t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!

FBI & DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!

Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!

Wow, ratings for ¡°Morning Joe,¡± which were really bad in the first place, just ¡°tanked¡± with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!

Wow, ratings for ¡°Morning Joe,¡± which were really bad in the first place, just ¡°tanked¡± with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!

The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!

We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration & drugs!

On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA

Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Working hard, thank you! #MAGA