Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt, Ethiopia, and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, one of the largest in the world, currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day!

Just had a very good call with President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict ¨C including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi

Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!

Thanks to many of you here today, my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN, a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement!

A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS, including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone!

LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday, it¡¯s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote POLL FINDER: https://vote.donaldjtrump.com

Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as ¡°Fact Checkers¡± would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don¡¯t use ¡°Fact Checkers¡± anymore, they just write whatever they want!

The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying ¡°President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,¡± is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don¡¯t exist.

The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!

Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe, Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat, find your polling location below & go vote for your next #LAgov, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote??https://vote.donaldjtrump.com

Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an ¡°anonymous¡± source that doesn¡¯t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don¡¯t have freedom of the press!

The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!

Read the Transcript!

Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!

¡°What did Hunter Biden do for the money?¡± @SenJohnKennedy A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!

It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!

THANK YOU! #MAGA

The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources (pure fiction), about Bill Barr & myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!

The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!

Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!

STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP

I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perform. Good luck!

Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff, claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine.

Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, don¡¯t even have time to think about it. False reporting!

Good luck Vince, this will be great!

We will win big!

Just finished reading my son Donald¡¯s just out new book, ¡°Triggered.¡± It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!

Bringing the word ¡°Nationalism¡± back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book.

But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party & me, the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff¡¯s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), & the I.G., be part of the list!

Whatever happened to the so-called ¡°informer¡± to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn¡¯t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Thank you Lee and David!

A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing?

Totally!

Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!

But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you!

Thank you Terrence!

Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!

Great!

Such GREAT people!

He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.¡± @JudgeJeanine

Such an amazing game & place!

Make America Great Again!

ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press!

Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi¡¯s disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!

There¡¯s nothing there! I¡¯m trying to let the House know that they¡¯re dividing America for no good reason. We¡¯ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs & getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.¡± @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!

The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, don¡¯t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!

is out with a new book, ¡°With All Due Respect¡± this week. Make sure you order your copy today, or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki!

If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information & belief, Iran is, & has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!

A great new book just out, ¡°The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.¡± Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!

HAPPY VETERANS DAY!

Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children¡¯s health & safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!

So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!

The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!

Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven¡¯t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!

The Chinese say (about Trump¡¯s Trade War & Tariffs), ¡®he brought us to the table.¡¯ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it¡¯s going to be a very prosperous economy.¡± Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes  Thank you President Trump & the Republican Party!

Today, we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces ¨C the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now, it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives!

Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!

To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act!

Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!

Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can¡¯t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!

Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!

In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!

Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. They¡¯ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?¡±

¡°The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats.

want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!¡±

This isn¡¯t about Ukraine. This isn¡¯t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!¡± @BillOReilly So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!

A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!

Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.

no pressure¡± put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an ¡°obligation¡± to look into corruption, and Biden¡¯s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son¡¯s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.

Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!

I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before week¡¯s end!

Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!

Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from ¡°angels.¡± Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!

A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats!

DACA recipients with arrest records: 53,792! That is a very large proportion of the total. @LouDobbs  Not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!

¡°This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, it¡¯s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.¡± @LouDobbs

The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward & congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats & the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you¡¯re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.

This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There¡¯s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try.

to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.¡± @seanhannity @FoxNews  Sean the amazing warrior!

¡°Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.¡± Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also, why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?

The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends

Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn¡¯t envision this. You have these people taking.

the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, & they¡¯ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can¡¯t specify that Donald Trump broke.

any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got it¡¯s money (3 weeks early), and there was no investigation.¡± @CharlesHurt @foxandfriends

NEVER TRUMPERS!

READ THE TRANSCRIPT!