Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow!

Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow!

Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work!

I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!


No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!

President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.¡± Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!

Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didn¡¯t have the ¡°guts¡± or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn¡¯t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history & NO C OR O!

Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The 
@NRA is getting stronger & stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!

Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.

Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!

¡°U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1, Smashing Expectations¡±

Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country! (link: http://DEATakeBack.com) DEATakeBack.com

Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!

Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA

Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await!

Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren¡¯t!

Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!

Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay, Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me, I love you! #MAGA????

Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of ¡°Judge¡± Andrew Napolitano.

Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good ¡°pal¡± of low ratings Shepard Smith.

The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders

for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!

Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!

I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad  of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!

The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the State¡¯s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, & others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, & get back to GREATNESS - FAST!

....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didn¡¯t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!

I¡¯ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax & reg cuts, military etc. WIN!

The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I¡¯m only here because of Biden & Obama. They didn¡¯t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!

Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn¡¯t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) & great future!.

The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!

Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION & NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.), the Dems are going around saying, ¡°Bob who, sorry, don¡¯t know the man.¡±

The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they haven¡¯t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of ¡°journalism,¡± and certainly a low point in 
@nytimes history!

Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is, every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been!

The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous country¡¯s in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S.

If the Democrats don¡¯t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!

We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners.

European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!

China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go.

up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!

I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!

CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion, @JoeyLogano!

If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete.

embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 @NASCARCup Series Champion, @JoeyLoganoand @Team_Penske to the whitehouse

I¡¯ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!

¡°The Democrats can¡¯t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what¡¯s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI....¡± Senator Josh Hawley

I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!

Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.

¡°No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President¡¯s record is unparalleled.¡±

Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won¡¯t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! 

Why didn¡¯t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the ¡°other¡± side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!

I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!

The Collusion Delusion is OVER!

"The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER!"


