My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!

The ¡®Jexodus¡¯ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends

Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....

that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand ¨C and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!

ust spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska & across the Midwest, especially the Farmers & Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders & emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, & road closures.

On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn¡¯t matter. Play along with the game!

Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 

Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends

This is a National Emergency.

Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier ¡°is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.¡± Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse ¡°stains¡± than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!

Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!

Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?

How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.

It¡¯s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over & over, without so much of a mention of ¡°the other side.¡± Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......

....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA

Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat & Crooked Hillary paid for Fake & Unverified Dossier with information he got from ¡°send in watchers¡± of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!

So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) ¡°last in his class¡± (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!

Happy St. Patrick¡¯s Day! 

Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....

must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don¡¯t give it to them. Be strong & prosper, be weak & die! Stay true.

to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you¡¯ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don¡¯t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can¡¯t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!

Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!

Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that¡¯s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!

Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!

Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union ¡ª I don¡¯t care, I just want it open!

What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the ¡°ballot box¡± and then, after that failed, with the ¡°Insurance Policy,¡± is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

General Motors and the UAW are going to start ¡°talks¡± in September/October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....

....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!

93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!

The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!

Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, ¡°50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller¡¯s investigation is a Witch Hunt.¡± @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?

GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!

My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa!

Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe!

While the press doesn¡¯t like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didn¡¯t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA!

Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts

The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!

A total loser!:We all know that @realDonaldTrump turned down Mr. Kellyanne Conway for a job he desperately wanted. He barely worked @TheJusticeDept and was either fired/quit, didn¡¯t want the scrutiny? Now he hurts his wife because he is jealous of her success. POTUS doesn¡¯t even know him!

¡°You can¡¯t dispel this mood of positive energy.¡±  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!

Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA

I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias

Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?

Thank you @JesseBWatters, could not have said it any better myself!

Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier & different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It¡¯s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....

just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States & the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - & we can¡¯t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.

The Democrats are getting very ¡°strange.¡± They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you¡¯ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!

George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife¡¯s success & angry that I, with her help, didn¡¯t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER & husband from hell!

I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...

Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!

ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office).

Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!

¡°The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose.¡± @KennedyNation Totally illegal!

¡°John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.¡± @seanhannity  @FoxNews

After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel¡¯s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!

We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.

Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay

