Join me in Dallas, Texas this Thursday (October 17th) at the American Airlines Center! 

Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?

Congratulations @StLouisBlues!

The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up ¨C and never lose faith. When you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything you¡¯ve got, victory is always within reach! #STLBlues

Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can¡¯t testify, & the reason he can¡¯t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud & totally different from the actual transcribed call.

 It also brings Shifty¡¯s fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on 
@GMA, and much more!

Looks good to me!

A great group of Champions!

We now have the greatest Economy in history!

You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal & absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!

¡°What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.¡± @GrahamLedger
  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina,  & a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, & again win Pres!

Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!

Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!

Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, ¡°The Case Against Socialism¡± which is now out. Highly recommended ¨C as America was founded on LIBERTY & INDEPENDENCE ¨C not government coercion, domination & control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!

Guatemala, Honduras & El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement & security.

THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!

FAKE NEWS!

I¡¯m fighting for the American people, but the Democrats¡¯ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to http://StopTheMadness.GOP and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!

Do you think they like me?

Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown!

The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room!

Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her ¡°upstairs,¡± or she just plain doesn¡¯t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!

This President is the most patriotic President I¡¯ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.¡±  Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!

THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center!

¡°What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?¡± @LouDobbs  Joe D & Victoria T!

Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see!

Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!

About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president & leading for a ¡°political settlement¡± to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.¡± BuckSexton

I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops & bring them home from the ridiculous & costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what¡¯s happening here?

This is the real story. Thank you Jim!

My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History!

As the Witch Hunt continues!

This number, based on the Economy & how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News & Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party!

Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!

This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some ¡°tough¡± love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!

This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this ¡°Deal¡± for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!

See you soon Dallas, Texas!

Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020

Thank you Dallas, Texas - I love you! 

The radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for YOU!

Tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party, the Fake News Media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3, 2020!

Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! 

The USA!Vanessa Friedman@VVFriedman
Brand Trump met brand Louis Vuitton in Texas this week. There were cows! There were handbags! There were speeches! But who is going to benefit the most from this relationship?

Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasn¡¯t.

this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, & in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides & a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil, & the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds & Turkey.

I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!

DEFEAT TERRORISM!

Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!

I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy.

He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan¡¯s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!

Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!

REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT!

Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He¡¯s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!

¡°Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.¡±  
@JasonChaffetz @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff

Congressman Michael McCaul, ¡°Schiff¡¯s inquiry defies Democracy.¡± @FoxNews @seanhannity

Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they¡¯ve all failed miserably. Here¡¯s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.¡± @JasonChaffetz @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!

Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.

Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?

There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy!

Texas is great!

I agree!
Replying to @realDonaldTrumpThe person that needs to be testifying under oath is @RepAdamSchiff so the American public can learn everything about everyone involved with his coup attempt against the President.

Thank you very much. Working hard!

¡°I don¡¯t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.¡± Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor

A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel!

Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews

Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL, this time from @FoxNews, of course!

It is ONLY about this!

Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a ¡°Russian Asset.¡± They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!

See you there!

¡°The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.¡± Yesterday¡¯s Mick Mulvaney statement

I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms & meeting rooms, and each delegation would have.

.its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media & their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!

Therefore, based on both Media & Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!

Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING!

So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard ¡°a Russian favorite,¡± and Jill Stein ¡°a Russian asset.¡± As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary¡¯s gone Crazy!

The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy!

The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.¡± Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!

Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, & then did NOTHING, losing Syria & all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama¡¯s mistake!

This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He¡¯s already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the ¡°informant?¡± All gone.

.because their so-called story didn¡¯t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn¡¯t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this.

fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, & when do the Republicans finally fight back?

So interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!

To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.¡± @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews

Congratulations Barbara!

Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!

A Great Democrat Scam!

Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!

Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?

Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats & their Partner, the Fake News Media! I¡¯m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! We¡¯ll find someplace else!

Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote!

Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support!

Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!

¡°The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.¡±

I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn¡¯t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.¡± 

A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That¡¯s squarely in his corner.¡± @SteveDoocy¡°That¡¯s a revealing poll, don¡¯t you think that matters?

¡°I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We¡¯re still waiting for that report!¡±

So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!

Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for ¡°US¡± last night. Really good!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Can¡¯t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn¡¯t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don¡¯t know why she isn¡¯t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!

¡°The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don¡¯t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.¡±

Great Job Tim!



