Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES!

House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can¡¯t even pass their own plan. We can¡¯t afford it anyway, and it¡¯s not happening!

¡°And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr¡¯s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.¡± @LouDobbs  @FoxNews

JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!

¡°I don¡¯t need to know any more. We¡¯re done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. There¡¯s NO COLLUSION.¡± @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!

President Obama¡¯s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn¡¯t even put it on page one, rather page 16. 
@washingtonpost
 not much better, ¡°tiny¡± page one. Corrupt News!

¡°Democrats don¡¯t like the results of the Mueller Report, so now they¡¯re trying everything else.¡±  
@RepDougCollins
  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!

Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!

Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only.

The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy ¨C so this should make them very happy!

WE WILL NEVER FORGET!

WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart (link: http://bit.ly/2VHDlKn) bit.ly/2VHDlKn via 
@BreitbartNews

If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don¡¯t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!

Thank you Jeh, so well stated!

Finally, great news at the Border!

A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon!

Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!

In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!

I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.

extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!

Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!

Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the)  @TheMasters Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!

The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don¡¯t even exist, a fraud. They will lie & cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone.

.When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn¡¯t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!

I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not ¡°frustrated.¡± It is all Fake & Corrupt News!

So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently ¡°detained immigrants¡± after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don¡¯t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities & towns?

Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!

Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management & high taxes!

If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!

Great Masters going on right now. Tiger Woods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!

Watching final hole of @TheMasters . @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!

Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!

Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy!

Such a ¡°puff piece¡± on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated & committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn¡¯t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
.@SteveHiltonx¡°This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.¡± Thank you Steve!


Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! 
@FoxNews @SteveHiltonx


What do I know about branding, maybe nothing (but I did become President!), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, & REBRAND the plane with a new name.
No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?

Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!

Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!

Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!

THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!


The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!

I finally agree with @Cher!

Mark Morgan, President Obama¡¯s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: ¡°President Trump, stay the course.¡± I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!

Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!

The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....

Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!

Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!

Spoke to @TigerWoodsto congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday¡¯s @TheMasters
, & to inform him that because of his incredible Success & Comeback in Sports (Golf) and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!

So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!

The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn¡¯t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!

God bless the people of France!

A must read, Andy McCarthy¡¯s column today, ¡°Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.¡± The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly, @BretBaier and the ¡°audience¡± was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have @donnabrazile?
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center ¡ª 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!

Many Trump Fans & Signs were outside of the @FoxNews  Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What¡¯s with 
@FoxNews?


Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and that¡¯s a good thing, not a bad thing!

I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!

On Trumps ICC Win, Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics

Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier¡¯s discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN @JudicialWatch The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC.

Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!

Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did.
in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!


Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying (link: http://bit.ly/2VRXs8K) bit.ly/2VRXs8K via 
@BreitbartNews

The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Attorney General William Barr¡¯s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION!







