2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4% FROM LAST YEAR, THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U.S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!

Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California. If he can¡¯t fix the problem, the Federal Govt. will get involved!

Thank you Tammy. You are doing a GREAT job!

Wow. It¡¯s all a giant SCAM!

Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with ¡°no pressure.¡± She said it must be ¡°bipartisan.

overwhelming,¡± but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren¡¯t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!

¡°Look, the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate, not to call in new witnesses, go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House.¡± @KatiePavlich @foxandfriends

The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because ¡°President Trump is a threat to National Security¡± (they are vicious, will say anything!), but now they don¡¯t want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. Liars!

Brad Blakeman ¡°I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective, they don¡¯t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors, so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.¡±

Nancy Pelosi¡¯s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless & crime. It has gotten so bad, so fast - she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, Gavin Newsom, it is a very sad sight!

Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House, and she has no standing in the Senate.¡± Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District & help the homeless there. A primary for N?

Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats & their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!

Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don¡¯t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.

¡°Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents¡±

¡°Nasdaq Hits 9,000 for First Time Ever¡±

¡°Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate. The longer this goes on, the more petty, partisan & political it all looks.¡± @KarlRove @FoxNews Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems. Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D!

California leads the nation, by far, in both the number of homeless people, and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district, and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!

I guess Justin T doesn¡¯t much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade!

The movie will never be the same! (just kidding)

Thank you Ritchie!

¡°Pelosi¡¯s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat¡¯s impeachment case.¡± @GreggJarrett @FoxNews

Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter, but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate.¡± 
@replouiegohmert @HeyTammyBruce @FoxNews It¡¯s all part of the Impeachment Hoax!

Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies), & many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!

Thank you Kristy, have a great year!

Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumer¡¯s drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced. There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House. This President will be exonerated.¡± William McGinley  
@foxandfriends

¡°Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U.S. presidents¡± @CNBC  With new trade deals, and more, THE BEST IS YET TO COME!

Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPORTANT part of the American story! I recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty.

and native culture ¨C S.216/Spokane Tribe, S.256/Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!

So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from @senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the 
history of the United States Congress!

¡°Dow closes at another All-Time High!¡± @cvpayne @FoxBusiness

Thanks Kayleigh!

Wow Crazy Nancy, what¡¯s going on? This is big stuff!

He made same prediction in 2016. Nobody ever said Michael was stupid!

Come on Crazy Nancy, do it!

Thank you!

Hillary should give it another try, but this time don¡¯t forget Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, North Carolina & others!

What kind of an animal is this?

A true Democrat Party leader!

Congresswoman Lesko, a great American!

Our great First Lady. She really cares! https://

Nancy, this just doesn¡¯t seem right! 

Now that wasn¡¯t very nice, was it?

The Wall is funded & being built!

California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can¡¯t handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and ¡°politely¡± ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!

I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!

So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control, and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!

Thank you Adriana!'

A Dirty Cop at the highest level. Scum!

Thank you Juliet!

Thank you Joe. So good for our workers!

Tremendous Spirit!

Any answers Nancy?

Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax!

The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.

Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.

He is Fake News, will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings, he¡¯d be out!

Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday¡¯s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!

The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that ¡°Where¡¯s¡± Hunter, & possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!

Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!

Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!

President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great & important coordination!

I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!

To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don¡¯t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!

































