Thank you @FranklinGraham. It is a time of ¡°shame¡± for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong!

Wow! Was just told that my son¡¯s book, ¡°Triggered,¡± is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!

@RepRatcliffe asked the two ¡°star¡± witnesses, ¡°where is the impeachable event in that call?¡± Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, & were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!

Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!

Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!

Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That¡¯s the result!¡± 
@Varneyco @FoxBusiness

¡°That hearing was about a policy dispute.¡± Robert Ray. ¡°Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.¡± @Varneyco

WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis & Impeachment. The hearings suggested it¡¯s not going.

anywhere, so we¡¯ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi¡¯s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can¡¯t identify anything.

that the House Democrats have done since she¡¯s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump.¡± This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!

Where¡¯s the Fake Whistleblower?

We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities.

We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.

Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!

This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote

Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that ¡°United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden & his son, Hunter Biden.

Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.¡± THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!

The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous & disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the.

filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!

Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia, how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine, where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President¡¯s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.

They call it ¡°serving at the pleasure of the President.¡± The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.

Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, & totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, & a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. In actuality, the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!

We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost), and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!

Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!

So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr & Nellie, Steele & all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didn¡¯t they lie?

A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?

THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG

Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for @EddieRispone to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below:

LOUISIANA, VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!

Dow hits 28,000 - FIRST TIME EVER, HIGHEST EVER! Gee, Pelosi & Schitt have a good idea, ¡°lets Impeach the President.¡± If something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It¡¯s called a Depression, not a Recession! So much for 401-K¡¯s & Jobs!

¡°My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this, these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp, well, dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent.

and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!¡± Rush L

¡°Triggered,¡± a great book by my son, Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!

¡°I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they¡¯re just trying to drag Trump¡¯s name into the mud!¡± Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!

Congratulations Kimberley. Great book!

Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good (great!). Will complete next year.

Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning!

A new Republican Star is born. Great going @EliseStefanik!

Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party, present or past. He¡¯s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News @ABC!

Mr. Chairman, Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow, but he is not a ¡°rabid dog.¡± He is actually somewhat better than that, but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly, get the deal done. See you soon!

@MariaBartiromo has a GREAT show going on right now, 10:00 A.M. Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment!  @FoxNews

Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of ¡°cash,¡± compliments of China Tariffs, prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime, and as you may have noticed, China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!

A BIG difference!

Joe Ricketts, one of our Country¡¯s most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs, has just written a great new book, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!

The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!

I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great woman!

Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having ¡°missed¡± by soooo much. Paul, match over!

Thanks Eric!

.@SteveScalise blew the nasty & obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father, Mike!) away on Chris¡¯s lowest rated (unless I¡¯m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!

Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!

Paul Krugman of @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his ¡°words of wisdom¡± has lost a great deal of money. Paul, just concede the game, say I was right, and lets start a brand new game!

Tell Jennifer Williams, whoever that is, to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls, & see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers, who I don¡¯t know & mostly never even heard of, & work out a better presidential attack!

The Crazed, Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country, and not what the Founders had in mind!

Republicans & others must remember, the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also, they didn¡¯t even know the money wasn¡¯t paid, and got the money with no conditions. But why isn¡¯t Germany, France (Europe) paying?

Where is the Fake Whistleblower?

¡°The Impeachment started before he even became President.¡± @greggutfeld @FoxNews

¡°All they do is bring up witnesses who didn¡¯t witness anything.¡± @KatrinaPierson @SteveHiltonx
  Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls, and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!

Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95% A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media & their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi & Schiff, but we are winning, and we will win!

Our Crazy, Do Nothing (where¡¯s USMCA, infrastructure, lower drug pricing & much more?) Speaker of the House, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they & Fake News Media are her BOSS), suggested on Sunday¡¯s DEFACE THE NATION.

that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong, and don¡¯t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax, I like the idea & will, in order to get Congress focused again, strongly consider it!

Just finished a very good & cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength & its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. & others, etc.

¡°Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ¡®fracturing the Nation¡¯ with Impeachment probe. ¡®We already know how it¡¯s going to end.¡± 
@FoxNews

THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG

GREAT NEWS! #MAGA #KAG

Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020!

At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning, I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact, our rates should be lower than all others (we are the U.S.). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers & growth!

The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country!

Nancy Pelosi just stated that ¡°it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump¡¯s fate.¡± @FoxNews  In other words, she thinks I¡¯m going to win and doesn¡¯t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green, she wants to change our voting system. Wow, she¡¯s CRAZY!

NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE!

I agree, but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction!

A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!

Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We¡¯ve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the Nation apart. I haven¡¯t seen this to be a good thing.¡±

Thank you Tennessee!

Read the transcripts!

True. Great job @RepMikeTurner!

The three year Hoax continues!

¡°White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.¡± @WashTimes  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020

Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!




