¡°Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what¡¯s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.¡± Jason Chaffetz

¡°Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.¡± CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!

If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!

Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!

North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. ¡°Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump.

its commitment to denuclearize.¡± @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.

Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days.

The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!

If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!

The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can¡¯t stand losing. I¡¯ll write the real book!

The White House is a ¡°smooth running machine.¡± We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country¡¯s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!

¡°I¡¯m taking this book with a grain of salt & everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.¡± Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner

¡°Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.¡± CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!

The Woodward book is a scam. I don¡¯t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!

¡°It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it¡¯s not true.¡± @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.

The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country¡¯s history (remember, it¡¯s the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing & lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. ¡°hits¡± like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!

The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!

To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you!

Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!

My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!

Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.

New Strzok-Page texts reveal ¡°Media Leak Strategy.¡±  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.

¡°ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.¡±

Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!

Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania.

The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! 

¡°You know who¡¯s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in.

Giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....¡±  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?

Crazy Maxine Waters: ¡°After we impeach Trump, we¡¯ll go after Mike Pence. We¡¯ll get him.¡±  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!

¡°The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever & that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it¡¯s time to end this Witch Hunt.¡± @LouDobbs   Russian ¡°collusion¡± was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!

We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!

Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!

Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!