¡°The evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. It¡¯s not even close.¡± Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel

In the end here, nothing happened. We don¡¯t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President can¡¯t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate.

won¡¯t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard, every President from here on out is impeachable.¡±  Andy McCarthy @FoxNews  So well stated. Thank you!

SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!

100% Republican Vote. That¡¯s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!

The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.¡± If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA!

Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country!

Thank you Anne!

Thank you Terrence!

Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate, which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!

Jesse (Watters), this is the best year any President has ever had, plus we get an impeachment.¡± @greggutfeld The Five @FoxNews

The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico & Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi¡¯s desk for 8 months, she doesn¡¯t even know what it says, & today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!

So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!

The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united!  The Dem¡¯s case is so bad that they don¡¯t even want to go to trial!

The reason the Democrats don¡¯t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don¡¯t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!

¡°This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It¡¯s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.¡± Ben Domenech

¡°What¡¯s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it¡¯s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who¡¯s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.¡± @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!

¡°House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.¡±

Thank you Bill. So true!

A far left magazine, or very ¡°progressive,¡± as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasn¡¯t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years, Christianity Today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.

have a Radical Left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion & your guns, than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and it¡¯s not even close. You¡¯ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won¡¯t be reading ET again!

I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals ¡°Cadillac Tax¡± on Health Plans, raises smoking age to 21! BIG!

Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product & more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea, where we are working with China, & Hong Kong (progress!).

I guess the magazine, ¡°Christianity Today,¡± is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialist/communist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!

Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father, the late great Billy Graham, voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together!

Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

The Democrat Party¡¯s Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party. That¡¯s why Jeff Van Drew (
@CongressmanJVD) voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax. Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party.

and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY, so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him, so help Jeff win.

Congressman Kevin Brady (@bradyfortexas) is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas. A big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda.

Kevin is strong on Securing the Border, #USMCA, protecting our #2A, and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Just had a great call with the President of Brazil, @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!

Economy is GREAT, Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN!

Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren¡¯t we Impeaching her?

THANK YOU! #KAG2020????

We are getting MS-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldn¡¯t be here, out of our Country!

To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military

To Our Incredible Federal Workforce:

It¡¯s time to put House Democrats on trial.¡±  
@IngrahamAngle

Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly, and close to home.

A total Witch Hunt!

We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!

Honored to finally put an end to the ¡°Widow¡¯s Tax¡± and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.

My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need.

Proud of @JimInhofe¡¯s tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops & establishes SPACE FORCE, which is 1st new branch since 1947 (Air Force). Another huge win for Jim¡¯s legacy. To many more!

BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac! 

Thank you Franklin!

Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!

Plus, never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax!

The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning!

Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!

Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!

Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States, Israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah.

The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for & provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media & Dirty Cops, & have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!

Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!

Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House & Speakership once, & is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, & Cryin¡¯ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!

What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default & lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!

Wouldn¡¯t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?

I agree 100%!
My friend @SenSusanCollins showed unbelievable courage during Justice Kavanaugh's confirmation and at other times when our country has needed a steady voice. We need her to ensure a GOP majority in 2020. Please support her today. 

NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!

STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!

What the Democrats are doing is ¡°Obstruction of the Senate. It¡¯s wrong Constitutionally, it¡¯s wrong morally, and it¡¯s wrong politically.¡± 
@AlanDersh @seanhannity @dbongino l agree, and so does the public!

¡°The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.¡±  
@AlanDersh

Everything we¡¯re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they¡¯re in real doubt about the evidence they¡¯ve brought forth so far not being good enough,  and are very, very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..

mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to.

Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.¡± @foxandfriends

The Trump Administration, Trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.¡± Griff Jenkins, 

the American public¡¯s tone deafness - & it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this.¡± 
@kilmeade @foxandfriends  The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!

The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!

187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration, including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in ¡°The Long Game,¡± a great new book by @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!

MERRY CHRISTMAS!


