My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting.

our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats don¡¯t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!

Thank you @GM, @FiatChrysler_NA, @Toyota, and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better, Cheaper, Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years, harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem!

AMERICAN HERO!

Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, @EddieRispone, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy.

Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!

We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today!

¡°Adam Schiff¡¯s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions, deception and illusions ¨C Not facts¡±

"The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning."

The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA!

Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the ¡°live¡± version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week!

Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals

Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that.

the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don¡¯t you think? This farce should.

never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it¡¯s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens.

to any President, of either party, again. Laura @IngrahamAngle

Thank you Matt.

Congratulations to @FoxNews, you left @CNN & @MSNBC in the dust (that¡¯s because the don¡¯t tell the truth!).

China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!

READ THE TRANSCRIPT!

People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar & Rates are hurting.

our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.

The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don¡¯t care!

The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!

While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below!

The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can¡¯t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad!

1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of.

New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make.

this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!

A great place!

But the Crooked Democrats don¡¯t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty.

Thanks Lee!

¡°It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn¡¯t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn¡¯t done a single thing of which he has been accused.¡± 
@RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!

¡°This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it¡¯s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That¡¯s what¡¯s going on.¡± @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!

Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won¡¯t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!

Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!

¡°The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn¡¯t care less about the American people!¡± @RushLimbaughEIB

¡°The Democrats need more than this.¡± @tombrokaw Much more!

ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!

¡°Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and that¡¯s why this is not about Impeachment.¡± Guy Lewis, former prosecutor.

The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!

LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana¡¯s economy and your Second Amendment rights.

Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!

Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!

I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don¡¯t want to be.

in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack & drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes & creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty & unsafe again, as.

our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don¡¯t ¡°have their backs.¡± New York¡¯s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work.

with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!

Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!

Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was ¡°born for this.¡± I don¡¯t think so!

You can¡¯t Impeach someone who hasn¡¯t done anything wrong!

The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?

A great new book by Howie Carr, ¡°What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,¡± is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!

Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!

Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone
. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!

Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt¡¯s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!

The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?

Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician!

A giant Scam!

Didn¡¯t he pick the Whistleblower?

The Governor of California, @GavinNewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must ¡°clean¡± his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.

Every year, as the fire¡¯s rage & California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don¡¯t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.

putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don¡¯t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!

The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, don¡¯t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay. 
 Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!

Great fight Champ!

Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA & KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally.

Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!

Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.@OANN

Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES.

and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!

Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!

The Angry Majority!

Fake News!

The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment ¡°Process¡± in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up & manage the California forests which are always burning!

The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower¡¯s identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public.

I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border & 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN

Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!

If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the ¡°call,¡± is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers & others that are & were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans.

should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff¡¯s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty¡¯s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker & freak who is really the one who should be impeached!

False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn¡¯t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!

Don¡¯t miss this show!

We won¡¯t Steve!

Good point!

Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns & raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins

Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!

Great! But how do you know it was a ¡°mistweet?¡± May be something with deep meaning!

Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt

What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is ¡°perfectly¡± stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!

The Whistleblower gave false information & dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

¡°There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn¡¯t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.¡± 

Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!

Many people say they know me, claiming to be ¡°best friends¡± and really close etc., when I don¡¯t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don¡¯t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.

I don¡¯t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.

Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job, Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt¡¯s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday! 

Read the Transcript!

All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!

My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, ¡°Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us¡± ¨C available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!

Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA

Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!

The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can¡¯t get anything done!

Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!

The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.¡± 
@foxandfriends

A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.

monsters, the United States stands ready, willing & able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!

This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!

FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE!

So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened & bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!

A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal.

KENTUCKY! 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket! #VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay Find your polling location below!

Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida!

KENTUCKY! #KYGov 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov Get out today and VOTE for 
@TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Great going Daniel, proud of you!

Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!

Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!

A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers.

Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!

Great going Tate!

Based on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!

Based on the things I¡¯ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don¡¯t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here.¡± Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriends

Thank you to Kurt Volker, U.S. Envoy to Ukraine, who said in his Congressional Testimony, just released, ¡°You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. NONE, because I didn¡¯t know there was a quid pro quo.¡±  Witch Hunt!

Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME & HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!







