The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!

Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!

I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House & Senate Intelligence & Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!

¡°This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.¡±  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!

We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!

Women¡¯s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!

On International Women¡¯s Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses.

Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!

Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!

Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job.

as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.

Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!

Sessions didn¡¯t have a clue!

Unimaginable loss - Such great people!

¡°The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.¡±  Also when he said no collusion and I did not vasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA


Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won¡¯t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!

I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget & in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!

Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn¡¯t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built.

and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. 

This is just the beginning!

Will soon be 145 Judges!

¡°Donald Trump¡¯s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.¡± Jesse Watters
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax & Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment & much more!

More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Country¡¯s history. That is a Big Deal!


¡°There¡¯s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.¡± @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!

At a recent round table meeting of business executives, & long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time & words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, & it became yet another bad Trump story!

Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!

Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R¡¯s!

¡°Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts & worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don¡¯t care about Israel or the Jewish people.¡± Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.

Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: ¡°The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it¡¯s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there¡¯s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.¡± @foxandfriends  Wow!

Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....

needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don¡¯t know about you, but I don¡¯t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!

New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!

All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman & Cuomo. So many leaving New York!

So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!

I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi¡¯s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....

a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for ¡°high crimes and misdemeanors¡±?

¡°Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It¡¯s tough when there¡¯s only one topic.¡± @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!

The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!

The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it¡¯s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!

Comey testified (under oath) that it was a ¡°unanimous¡± decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED.

Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!

Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow¡¯s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!

¡°Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.¡±  Very unfair!  

¡°The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.¡± Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!

I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President!

A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security & the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!

My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!

The Democrats are ¡°Border Deniers.¡± They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!

The three very weak and untalented late night ¡°hosts¡± are ¡°fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn¡¯t political. I don¡¯t know what they¡¯re going to do in 2024 when he¡¯s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.¡± Michael Loftus @foxandfriends

Happy National Ag Day!

Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress.

If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but today¡¯s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don¡¯t vote with Pelosi!

A vote for today¡¯s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!

Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal.

VETO!

I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!




