Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts.

and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I＊ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.

As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith 每 and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE.

On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, & we pray that THIS nation 每 OUR home 每 these United States 每 will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace & the eternal GLORY OF GOD!

Congrats to @U_S_Steel
 for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING!

Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust: 

Thank you, working hard! #MAGA

OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, it＊s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and, in fact, they were rebuffed.

at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly & time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices & much more - and do it now!

Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too ※hot§ to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page (finally), ※Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.§ @foxandfriends This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!※Jobs surge in April, unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969§

※The U.S. Created 263,000 Jobs in April, Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969§

We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD 〞 and the best is yet to come!

Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing.

We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the ※Russian Hoax.§ Very productive talk!

Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!

The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn＊t get it!

I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America 〞 and we have what＊s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!

The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we＊re looking into. It＊s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!

So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook!

As the great people of IA, IL, & MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor, @GovParsonMO, @GovPritzker, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.

※They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.§ George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity

There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!

So great to watch this!

When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter & Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!

Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, & will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him & does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!

Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on ※Russia Collusion.§ The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!

Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter

How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media & Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!

Mike has been a fantastic Senator!

I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!

The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough & tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!

For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars.

of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!

After spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats & 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller.

to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!

※The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, I＊m not going to charge this person (there wasn＊t even close to being a crime), but I＊m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That＊s unfortunate because it＊s stepping outside of the role.§ Robert Ray

※This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.§ Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal

Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation＊s new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA

Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens.

To the Gazan people 〞 these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!

Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back

The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

※Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.§ 
@OANN In other words, Dems can＊t win the election fairly. You can＊t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country＊s history.

Also, there are ※No High Crimes & Misdemeanors,§ No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and that＊s what the Dems should be looking at, but they won＊t. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!

The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, we＊re not going to be doing that anymore!

Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Don＊t allow them to get away with what they are doing!

Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example, Florida got $12 Billion & Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to.

Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don＊t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!

Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!

Today, it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief＊s Trophy〞for the second year in a row, to the 
@ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories, and keep on making us proud!

Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!

Congratulations @TigerWoods- you are truly one of a kind!

'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive

He wants to impeach because they can＊t win election. Sad!

I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! 

McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart (link: http://bit.ly/2VNaqIl) bit.ly/2VNaqIl via 
@BreitbartNews

Real estate developers in the 1980＊s & 1990＊s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered ※tax shelter,§

you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!

The reason for the China pullback & attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to ※negotiate§ with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come.

Guess what, that＊s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We＊ll see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!

The real ※Obstruction of Justice§ is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.§ Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). 

※Shouldn＊t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?§

Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!

※Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, & people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?§ 
@ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends TREASONOUS HOAX!

※This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?§  
@kilmeade @foxandfriends

GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...

in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!

Republicans shouldn＊t vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn＊t treat Native Americans equally!

Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.

Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we＊ve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don＊t want money to go there) we＊re getting it done!

※The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.§ Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC

Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices〞lower them!

Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on 
@FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson

Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes!
 
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach, Florida. Thank you! #MAGA

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with 
@SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes!



