Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!

¡°They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?¡±

¡°The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.¡±  @EdRollins   ¡°The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.¡± @LouDobbs

Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!

¡°When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.¡± The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, ¡°3000 PEOPLE KILLED.¡± They hired.

GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!

When President Obama said that he has been to ¡°57 States,¡± very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! 

Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!

Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!

DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!

While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren¡¯t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller & the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!

When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we don¡¯t have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!

Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!

The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!

FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!

Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!

Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!

Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election

¡°A lot of small & medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren¡¯t during Pres. Obama¡¯s Watch.¡± Peter Morici

Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be ¡°Tariffed!¡±

Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!

Immediately after Comey¡¯s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page ¡°We need to Open the case we¡¯ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, ¡°We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.¡± Wow, a conspiracy caught?

Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but ¡°gag clauses¡± prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act.

Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY!

It was my great honor to host today¡¯s Inaugural Meeting of the ¡°President¡¯s National Council for the American Worker¡± in the Roosevelt Room! 

Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet!

Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders.

¡°What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, there¡¯s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential.

campaign, which is unprecedented in our history.¡± Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!

China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.

China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!

Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence ¨C and they are 100% correct. But don¡¯t be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting.

that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but that¡¯s what they do, and everybody knows it!

Today, I took action to strengthen our Nation¡¯s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats!

The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook.

Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being.

Returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!

¡°The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump¡¯s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said.

¡°North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we¡¯ve come a long way.¡± 

¡°President Donald J. Trump¡¯s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence¡±

Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!

Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called ¡°The Deep State.¡± Very interesting indeed!