CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump, on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud!

Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen¡¯s comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time.

The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!

¡°Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. ¡°President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him.

like he¡¯s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don¡¯t know him or like him. They don¡¯t even know what they¡¯re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that¡¯s OK, if he keeps doing what he¡¯s doing, he¡¯s good for.

all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, he¡¯s good for everyone in America who wants a job.¡± Wow!  @newsmax @foxandfriends
 @OANN

Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. ¡°This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.¡±

Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won¡¯t stand for this).

¡°The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.¡± 

The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the ¡°create¡± a U.S. recession, even though the numbers & facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesn¡¯t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!

Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He¡¯s like a golfer who can¡¯t putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but don¡¯t count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down.

We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, ¡°highest Dollar in U.S.History.¡± No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!

My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!

So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!

WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?

On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends!

For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that.

Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!

.@NATO, very unfair to the United States!

Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver¡¯s seat.

The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are ¡°rolling over¡± at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!

Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn¡¯t work as well, because execs don¡¯t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know.

that when this Administration¡¯s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!

Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews

It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today¡¯s order, we express the everlasting love & loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, & God Bless America!

Thank you @RealWayneRoot!

Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!

The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!

Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on ¡°Dancing with the Stars.¡± He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!

Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans & Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials.

I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!

Check out a FANTASTIC new book, ¡°STILL WINNING ¨C Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again¡± by the great writer, 
@CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!

Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the ¡°Squad¡± more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy!

.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders & the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military & Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!

Happy birthday James!

94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!

The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are.

willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won¡¯t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!

This despite the Fake News and Polls!

Now the Fed can show their stuff!

As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can ¡°speak¡± without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work ¡°brilliantly¡± with both, and the U.S. will do great.

.My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?

Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, & they want to continue. I won¡¯t let that happen! We don¡¯t need China and, frankly, would be far.

better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing.

your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China¡¯s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR & REFUSE,

all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn¡¯t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!

The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!

For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight.

Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very.

unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25%, will be taxed at 30%.

Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!

Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!

Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs, tonight hosted by Lou¡¯s friend, @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!

Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible!

Great going Harris!

Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P.

Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon.

Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing!

Disgraceful!

Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A.P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election!

Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z!

For all of the Fake News Reporters that don¡¯t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!

When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said ¡°I am the chosen one,¡± at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a ¡°Messiah complex.¡± They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just.

having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news & me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!

¡°Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut!¡± This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!

Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!

Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!

North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!

Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!

France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!

Thank you both. Sooo nice!

The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!

Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to ¡°will¡± America into.

bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!

Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can¡¯t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.

Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the H?tel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz

Happy Birthday Sean!

Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!

Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC & @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile & others on Fox. Not what it used to be!

So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she¡¯s on @FoxNews!

Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!

The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, ¡°Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?¡±

Happy Birthday Vince!

Jesse & Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!!!

USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it!

Thank you Eric. So true!

Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz

A disgrace!

In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it¡¯s finest! They¡¯ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!

No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice!

My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!

Congratulations to Louisiana¡¯s Champions. See you at the White House!

¡°The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.¡± I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!

Thank you Katie!

All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton!

Great meeting this morning with President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt at the H?tel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Summit

The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!

Great respect for the fact that President Xi & his Representatives want ¡°calm resolution.¡± So impressed that they are willing to come out & state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader & representing a great country. Talks are continuing!

Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!

Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister @NarendraModi of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!

THANK YOU FRANCE

I agree 100%!RepSeanDuffy is a great Member of Congress, and he has surely made the state of Wisconsin proud. He will be missed. I¡¯ll be praying for Sean, Rachel, and their entire family.

Thank you Mark!Rep. Mark Green @RepMarkGreen¡¤ Aug 26 It was an honor to visit the new U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for standing up for Israel and moving our Embassy there!

Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!

I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!

Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly & works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!

No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!

The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!



