Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results!

Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey!

The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn¡¯t the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!

No Lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just don¡¯t understand!

As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didn¡¯t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends

The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA

Thank you Corey!

Great!

Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward!

IIhan Omar, a member of AOC Plus 3, will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party! 

Terrence K. Williams, ¡°You can¡¯t impeach Trump for being a winner!¡±

So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy (no longer even close), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!

I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!

I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O¡¯Brien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long & hard with Robert. He will do a great job!

The Trump Administration is revoking California¡¯s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety

advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be

far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business.

Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT

Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No ¡°guts,¡± no sense, no vision!  A terrible communicator!

Thank you!

All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc.

GREAT progress on the Border Wall!

Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!

Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially ¡°heavily populated¡± call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!

Presidential Harassment!

Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years ¡ª but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley¡¯s drug pricing bill very much, and it¡¯s great to see Speaker Pelosi¡¯s bill today. Let¡¯s get it done in a bipartisan way!

Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today. 

Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don¡¯t care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!

¡°The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.¡± @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.

Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City,  @BilldeBlasio
, who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, he¡¯s coming home!

The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a ¡°dicey¡± conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a ¡°highly partisan¡± whistleblowers..

statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!

Thank you, working hard!

Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children, ¡°Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.¡± She and her husband, Sean Duffy, have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids!

I want to express my gratitude to America¡¯s magnificent @FLOTUS for tonight¡¯s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage, unfailing commitment, and unyielding character!

The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they won¡¯t get a very large amount of U.S. money, so they fabricate a.

story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Biden¡¯s demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn¡¯t want to report!

This is the real and only story!

Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone ¡°bust¡± on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!

Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

¡°The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump ¡ª again.¡± @TomFitton

It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump¡¯s conversation.

with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?¡± @GreggJarrett

They¡¯re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.¡± @PeterSchweizer The problem is, ¡°Trump¡± did nothing wrong!

Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions.¡± 
@NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!

The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!

The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn¡¯t check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they don¡¯t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!

When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I¡¯ve ever seen.¡± @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!

The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.¡± Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else.

¡°Go across the world and you¡¯ll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I don¡¯t think he¡¯ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).¡± We should always be paying less interest than others!

I go along with Joe!

¡°They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man.¡± @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!

Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas!

The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don¡¯t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.¡± @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?

Look forward to being with our great India loving community!

Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!

The USA Loves India!

Incredible!

Now the Fake News Media says I ¡°pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.¡± This supposedly comes from a so-called ¡°whistleblower¡± who they say doesn¡¯t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.

Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren¡¯t pressured at all during the ¡°nice¡± call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son¡¯s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That¡¯s the real story!

Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!

The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn¡¯t do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.¡± @RepDevinNunes @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called ¡°whistleblower¡± who doesn¡¯t.

know the correct facts. Is he on our Country¡¯s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff & the Democrats again after years of being wrong?

This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge!

Thank you, working hard!

94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

¡°@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine¡¯s President.¡± Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!

She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see!

True. A wonderful meeting!

