We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall & also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress & President who would approve!

The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a ¡°profit making operation.¡± We build a Wall or.

close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border.

Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!

Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!

The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!

I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!

Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!

Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can¡¯t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn¡¯t even try! The two.

children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadn¡¯t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard & getting so little credit!

For those that naively ask why didn¡¯t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us ¡°NONE¡± for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad!

2018 is being called ¡°THE YEAR OF THE WORKER¡± by Steve Moore, co-author of ¡°Trumponomics.¡± It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the ¡°best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.¡±

¡°Absolutely nothing¡± (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!

¡°It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt & illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed.

Veterans on President Trump¡¯s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!

Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!

President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!

An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!

If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, we¡¯re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants.

I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me & my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!

Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!

I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an ¡°Open Wound,¡± where drugs, criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!

I am the only person in America who could say that, ¡°I¡¯m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,¡± and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!

I¡¯m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, I¡¯ll get it built, and Fast!

It¡¯s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn¡¯t work. It does, and properly built, almost 100%! They say it¡¯s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!

MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico & Canada will also thrive - good for all!

The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech ¡°stuff¡± is just, by comparison, meaningless bells & whistles.

Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!

Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, ¡°Why We Fight.¡± Lots of insight - Enjoy!

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!

The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!

¡°General¡± McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover!

One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!

Border Security and the Wall ¡°thing¡± and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let¡¯s make a deal?

Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!

Washington Examiner - ¡°MAGA list: 205 ¡®historic results¡¯ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.¡±  True!

¡°Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - & he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.¡± PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!

Do you think it¡¯s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!

For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can¡¯t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!

Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn¡¯t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player & WIN!

Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!

Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people ¨C this is the first and most important duty of government.

I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Let¡¯s get it done!

Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!

The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can¡¯t win based on all of the achievements of ¡°Trump,¡± so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!

The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!

The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year!

Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: ¡°They have the motive of making the President look bad ¨C instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, it¡¯s 20 years overdue.

President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.¡±


