Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border!

One down, one to go ¨C Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03

Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.

I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing ¨C he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN & @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!

Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!

BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!

.@CNN & @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!

Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You¡¯d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!

Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, & the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg & Dan!

¡°China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.¡± @CNBC @JoeSquawk

The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet.

The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the na?vet¨¦ of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn¡¯t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of ¡°Boneheads.¡±

In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post/ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election.

This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven¡¯t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!

If it weren¡¯t for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!), I would be leading the ¡°Partners¡± of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!

Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!

Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911

BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum!

At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary.

on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%), from October 1st to October 15th.

I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andr¨¦s Manuel L¨®pez Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries.

The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!

The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts!

The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!

Thank you!

Thank you Brandon!

European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!

It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!

Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!

¡°Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!¡± @GOPLeader McCarthy

¡°We can¡¯t beat him, so lets impeach him!¡± Democrat Rep. Al Green

¡°This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.¡± @guypbenson @FoxNews

In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back!

Hello Baltimore!

How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians & Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military & Choice for Vets.

Became Number 1 in World & Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony & fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony & James Comey.

IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced & Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don¡¯t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!

Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!

VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!

The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!

Historic Milestone indeed!

Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration!

While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let¡¯s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!

¡°A Very Stable Genius!¡± Thank you.

Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesn¡¯t have the ¡°it¡± factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!

94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance.

between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!

I¡¯m OK with that!

The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!

Amazing!

That is true, and the USA is Winning Again!

My great honor!

Thank you!

Thank you Billy!

All based on NOTHING! The Dems can¡¯t get anything positive done, and probably don¡¯t want to.

Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!

Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!

Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can¡¯t let that happen!

Can¡¯t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime!

I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!

Can¡¯t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, ¡°Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology & Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.¡±

Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote ¡°In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.¡± True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!

Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount.

sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.

Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!

PLENTY OF OIL!

Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!

The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, ¡°No Conditions.¡± That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).

¡°We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.¡± Joe DiGenova.  ¡°It is time for Justice to come barreling in.¡± 
@LouDobbs Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!

House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that ¡°Trump¡± has done over his lifetime. But it doesn¡¯t.

work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the ¡°Congressional Slush Fund,¡± and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!

The @nytimes. ¡°This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump¡¯s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama¡¯s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O¡¯Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary.

These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come,¡¯ said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.¡± The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!

Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you, Mr. President!), we are a net Energy Exporter, & now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don¡¯t need Middle Eastern Oil & Gas, & in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!

Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China¡¯s big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates.

The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can¡¯t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell & the Fed don¡¯t have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!

The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.¡± @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems.

What¡¯s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace!¡± Dan Bongino @foxandfriends

Just Out: ¡°Kavanaugh accuser doesn¡¯t recall incident.¡± @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!

Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their ¡°airspace¡± when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We¡¯ll see?

Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.¡± Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are, will they ¡°move the goalposts¡± and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but I¡¯ll be able to figure it out!

They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Mueller¡¯s testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS.

for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?

In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera, the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!

Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day ¡ª see you in a few hours!

Thank you, working hard! #KAG2020

This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse, it was my great honor to present our nation¡¯s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement, Mo!

Congratulations @MarianoRivera!

¡°How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.¡± @greggutfeld The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn¡¯t even remember the event.

I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you¡¯re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They¡¯ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation.

She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!

On my way to New Mexico ¡ª see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! 

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots!

We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote & we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020!

If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you have only one choice ¡ª you must elect more REPUBLICANS!

The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them.

That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.¡± @brithume @FoxNews

