I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine.

You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!

THANK YOU!

The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!

Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!

Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?

They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don¡¯t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!

¡°Attorney For Anti-Trump ¡®Whistleblower¡¯ Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer¡±

¡°Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden, ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL¡±

"They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did..."

Thank you @JennaEllisRives -- totally agree!

Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC!

¡°He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it¡¯s not one thing, it¡¯s another. It¡¯s a DISGRACE!¡± @pnjaban @LouDobbs

Thank you @kevinomccarthy!

Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine!

Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!

There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!

The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.¡± 
@SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!

Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!

¡°Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump¡¯s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign ¡ª collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.¡±

¡°You don¡¯t see a direct quid pro quo in this.¡± @BretBaier

¡°He (President Trump) didn¡¯t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of¡­unless you investigate this¡­we¡¯re going to withhold military aid to you.¡± Pamela Brown

Wow! ¡°Ukraine Whistleblower¡¯s lead attorney donated to Biden.¡± @FreeBeacon

I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily.

taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.

So true, but it will never work!

One of our best fundraising days EVER!

So cute! Her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office!

So bad for our Country!

If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn¡¯t!

Thank you Jim!

THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!

¡°Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason.¡± Robert Ray  
@FoxNews

That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win North Carolina!

A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!

Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!

Liddle¡¯ Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, ¡°is credible.¡± How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!

Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!

No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!

The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can¡¯t have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!

Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!

So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats!

To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle¡¯, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle¡¯ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!

Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don¡¯t even exist. I had a simple and very.

nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn¡¯t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!

Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn¡¯t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it.

sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!

Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!

¡°IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!¡±

Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!

The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!

Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn¡¯t a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?

If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn¡¯t considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!

I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!

Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News!

Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug!

Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

They are trying to stop ME, because I am fighting for YOU!

How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes & Regulations, fixed the VA & gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years), & so much more?

The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!

The Whistleblower¡¯s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called ¡°Whistleblower¡± knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic & wrong, just like Liddle¡¯ Adam Schiff.

fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up & twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming & libeling me. He must resign from Congress!

WOW, they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now!

It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!

The only people that don¡¯t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated (& admitted to this fabrication). Sick!

The Fake News doesn¡¯t dare mention the corrupt Democrats!

These are Trumped-Up Charges.¡± @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends

Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big!

So great Mark!

Investigating Corruption is correct!

Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World!

Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called ¡°Whistleblower,¡± represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress.

His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud & Treason.

In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND & THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the ¡°Whistleblower.¡± Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!

These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying & cheating like never before in our Country¡¯s history in order to destabilize the United States of America & it¡¯s upcoming 2020 Election. They & the Fake News Media are Dangerous & Bad!

All that¡¯s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, it¡¯s what¡¯s on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,

we are going to have an Election very shortly.¡± Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!

¡°State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.¡± @foxandfriends You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughter¡¯s wedding, and her Yoga!

¡°Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can¡¯t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn¡¯t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they¡¯re increasingly aware of the fact that they won¡¯t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get.

rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don¡¯t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016.

Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That¡¯s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.

If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.¡± Pastor Robert Jeffress, @FoxNews

¡°This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.¡± @RudyGiuliani

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

¡°China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.¡± @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness
 China is doing very poorly while the USA,I immediately released to Congress &  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!

The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress &  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!

Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE & terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?

After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijing¡¯s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic & military superpower in the 21st Century. What¡¯s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking..

place in TRADE, it¡¯s taking shape in Military Competition.¡± Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!



Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!

WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!

¡°President Trump¡¯s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50%, and you can add to that many votes from voters that don¡¯t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President¡¯s numbers going up, they said ¡®We gotta do something,¡¯ so.

they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration¡¯s handling of the 2016 Election.¡± Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews

Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don¡¯t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!

The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!

It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley!

Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world!

Great news! @Apple
 announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers!

BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That¡¯s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!

My great friend, @RepMarkMeadows, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus
, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader, 

¡°He misled (Rep. Adam Schiff) MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air!¡± @MillerStream @BlazeTV

THANK YOU!

Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you!






