On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers & rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job & support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!

Today, here in Iowa, we honor America¡¯s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence ¡ª and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL!

¡°Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use¡±

Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation¡¯s Farmers. May God bless you, and may God Bless America!

¡°Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me?¡± @TuckerCarlson It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!

The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don¡¯t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!

Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the ¡°hottest¡± of them all. See you in Florida!

The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.

The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don¡¯t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!

It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the 
@WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally!

Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and 
@NCGOP Chairman!

Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT!

Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&S.

is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris.

¡°Biden would be China¡¯s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America¡¯s manufacturers & workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!¡±

It¡¯s about peace and Prosperity, that¡¯s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he¡¯s delivered on keeping America Stronger & Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it¡¯s the Media.¡± John McLaughlin, pollster

General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!

Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn¡¯t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used ¡°Contempt¡± card on our great A.G. & Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.

much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! ¡°This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, but the House doesn¡¯t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you.

can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.¡± Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure & many other things.

¡°Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment.

is not Constitutionally Permissable.¡± Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer

The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely ¡°Loco,¡± or Unhinged, as they like to say!

I meet and talk to ¡°foreign governments¡± every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about ¡°Everything!¡± Should I immediately.

call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.

When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn¡¯t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of.

which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,

and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an ¡°insurance policy¡± just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest & worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!

They¡¯ve been wrong all along!

While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!

"It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman...."

After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas.

She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!

Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams.

Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT @USArmy. America loves you! 

The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard, thank you!

Announcing great, expanded HRAs¡ªbig win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage.

The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!

Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!

Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin¡¯ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?

Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of @LockheedMartin, about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon.

While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I don¡¯t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville ¨C every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!

The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump¡¯s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump¡¯s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!¡±

¡°With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!¡± 
@OANN Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?

Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!

President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!¡±  @foxandfriends Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!

The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT

Thank you Steve & family!

LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse!

The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don¡¯t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!

He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London!

I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect & distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, ¡°President Trump: 30 Hours¡± (which is somewhat.

misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in.

the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!

Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country.

ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, & forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov¡¯t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants.

More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don¡¯t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, & all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!

Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together!

Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. ¡°The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.¡± 
@FoxNews¡°All around the Country people are.

saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.¡± @JedediahBila¡°Greatest President since Ronald Reagan¡± said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive

A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just can¡¯t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.

news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business & be forever gone!

Happy Father¡¯s Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!

When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up ¡°dirt¡± and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.

If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!

Almost 70% in new Poll say don¡¯t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can¡¯t win the election fairly!

Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. ¡°I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.¡± I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!

Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Gary¡¯s future!

Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor!

Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters & losers thought possible - and it will only get better!

Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

¡°Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits¡±

One size doesn¡¯t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you!

@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn¡¯t spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier

Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people.

long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won¡¯t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!

Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can¡¯t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!

The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia¡¯s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!

Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton¡¯s Emails. @FoxNews This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?

Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!

Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.

European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!

The Fake News doesn¡¯t report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!

Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.

¡°ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.¡±  

German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!

