Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS & DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country¡¯s incredible Heritage. Thank you!

We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!

Thank you Amy!

Thank you Eric!

Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was ¡°entirely divorced¡± from the facts, yet another total & complete.

vindication & exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big ¡°stuff¡± especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!

Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!

If I hadn¡¯t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, & you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, & the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!

¡°The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!¡± Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana

Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too!  @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO.

CNN¡¯s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate ¡°question¡± that I was a racist, when in fact I am ¡°the least racist person in the world.¡± Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased & fair,

or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN¡¯s ratings (MSNBC¡¯s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don¡¯t hold your breath!

The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect.

to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer & Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards.

I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!

What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world.

As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn¡¯t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!

¡°The 99% Get a Bigger Raise¡±

The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words ¡°drug-infested¡± concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C.

Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS!

Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night ¡ª they¡¯re desperate for Trump!

Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. ¡°Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking.¡±

The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! 

The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity & success like never before.

It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I haven¡¯t. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!

Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, & having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!

China, Iran & other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and ¡°drooling¡± over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!

Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!

BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!

"A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS."

Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to.

buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States ¨C this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and.

during the talks the U.S. will start, on September 1st, putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%.

We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!

Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight ¡ª with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020

I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!

THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020

Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!

Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but.

Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Un¡¯s leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that.

Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!

A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!

Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people.

John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.

Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him!

A great couple!

Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers!

Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don¡¯t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.

Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!

Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!

Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA

Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough!

'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve (link: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2019/08/03/el-paso-massacre-trump-pelosi-pledge-support-after-shooting/1911058001/) usatoday.com/story/news/pol¡­ via @usatoday

Today¡¯s shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today¡¯s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people.

Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.

The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!

God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.

Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio.

The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!

We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying.

this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!

The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!

China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It¡¯s called ¡°currency manipulation.¡± Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!

Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs ¨C they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always.

used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers¡¯ wages and harm our farmers¡¯ prices. Not anymore!

China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!

The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims, their families, and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER!

Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay.

We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all.

Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan!

Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020

Thank you @PeterSchweizer!

¡°Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.¡± @kilmeade @foxandfriends

¡°It¡¯s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.¡± 
@ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!

Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!

As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I¡¯ll do it again next year if necessary!


