Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient, and we are here to assist.

@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!

Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!

We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn

The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!

Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General¡¯s investigation into surveillance activities.

during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information.

Today¡¯s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.¡±

¡°Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What¡¯s going on?¡±  Ed Rollins 

¡°PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE¡±

71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! 
@QuinnipiacPoll

Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!

When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!

¡°Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.¡± 
@DevinNunes @ShannonBream @FoxNews This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!

¡°If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected¡± @LindseyGrahamSC
 Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!

I don¡¯t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud & clear & for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!

Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, ¡°Sacred Duty: A Solider¡¯s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery¡± just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday & the people there were so grateful for Tom¡¯s inspiring portrait of ¡°The Old Guard.¡± Great job 

Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!

Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister

Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges.

(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend. 

The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!

In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan!

The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We don¡¯t lose anymore!

Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take ¡°command¡± of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?

Can¡¯t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!

Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!

Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!

Thank you John, so nice!

In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, ¡°MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!¡± That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with ¡°MAGA COUNTRY.¡± Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!

Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods, and @PhilMickelson ¡ª I said what about @GaryPlayer, they said we love Gary too!

North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, & also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, & worse. Perhaps that¡¯s sending me a signal?

Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba, Japan!

Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!

Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!

Tonight in Tokyo, Japan at the Ry¨­goku Kokugikan Stadium, it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. President¡¯s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all, thank you @AbeShinzo!!

¡°Why doesn¡¯t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?¡± @marklevinshow @JudgeJeanine How about the Dems also?

The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, & hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, & where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men & women of the Pentagon for working it out!

Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, & TEAM, at the WH!

Great evening last night, thank you!

now admits that he MADE UP ¡°a completely ludicrous quote,¡± attributing it to me. This is what¡¯s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!

Impeach for what, having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country¡¯s history, rebuilding our Military, taking care of our Vets (Choice), Judges, Best Jobs Numbers Ever, and much more? Dems are Obstructionists!

The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!

Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump 'could well be treason'

Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!

Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!

Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, & helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!

I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!

Spoke with @GovStittof Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.

GOD BLESS THE USA

Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!

just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.

Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!

I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a ¡°low IQ idiot,¡± and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer ¡°low IQ individual.¡± Who could possibly be upset with that?

Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!

THANK YOU JAPAN!

Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didn¡¯t, and probably won¡¯t.

If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!

Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.

How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!

Great show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), that¡¯s why you¡¯re Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!

I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, 
@FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!

The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!

Russia, Russia, Russia! That¡¯s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn¡¯t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,

.say he fought back against this phony crime that didn¡¯t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn¡¯t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn¡¯t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!

Congressman John Ratcliffe, ¡°The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.¡± @FoxNews

¡°Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.¡±

Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!


