Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let¡¯s see what happens!

Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a ¡°love letter to Trump¡± manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!

Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen¡¯s new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!

Oh¡¯ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, ¡°gee, I have an idea, let¡¯s look at Trump¡¯s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let¡¯s follow discredited Michael Cohen.

and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it¡¯s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!

Michael Cohen¡¯s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton¡¯s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?

I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible.

for Otto¡¯s mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!

I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions.

and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!

Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship!

Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!

Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It¡¯s a total new love letter to ¡°Trump¡± and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!

The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.

We¡¯ve got NASA ¡°rocking¡± again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!

said was a total lie, but Fake Media won¡¯t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted & corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal & should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!

After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.

Look how they¡¯re acting now and how we act when we¡¯re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn¡¯t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier & couldn¡¯t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.¡± Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN).

My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on ¡°The Next Revolution.¡± @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!

The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!

Presidential Harassment by ¡°crazed¡± Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any

President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?

For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar & fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the ¡°walk.¡± Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!

Schumer & the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION!

And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN & others?

To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!

FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).

The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK¡ªFAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those ¡°games¡±, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!

¡°Now that the Dems are going to try & switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn¡¯t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.¡± @AriFleischer It will never work!

¡°There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!¡± 

Presidential Harassment!

¡°The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they¡¯ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.

Amazon, like the Washington Post. It¡¯s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.¡± @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!

¡°We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.¡± 

Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!

Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton & the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won¡¯t get ANYTHING done for our Country!

¡°HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.¡± @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!

The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She¡¯s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!

Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation¡¯s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran¡ªI want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.

Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month.

Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!

¡°(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.¡± Aw-shucks, does that mean I won¡¯t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!

Hans Von Spakovsky, ¡°I haven¡¯t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don¡¯t have any evidence of wrongdoing.¡±

Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn¡¯t have the ¡°guts¡± or money to run for President. He¡¯s all talk!

Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security & the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, & Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That¡¯s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!

It is shameful that House Democrats won¡¯t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it¡¯s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!

American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse!

Congressman Chris Stewart: ¡°No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.¡± They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!

Wall Street Journal: ¡°More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.¡± We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!

Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think I¡¯ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!

It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!

We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!

Breaking News @MSNBC: ¡°Cohen¡¯s lawyer contradicts Cohen¡¯s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.¡±



