¡°Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States¡±

You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia ¨C but the Election was on Tuesday? Let¡¯s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!

As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don¡¯t worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!

Jeff Flake(y) doesn¡¯t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the ¡°crime¡± of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!

Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they ¡°found¡± many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. ¡°The Broward Effect.¡± How come they never find Republican votes?

Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him ¡°back into play.¡± Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he¡¯s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!

In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a ¡°number,¡± couldn¡¯t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!

Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!

Just out ¡ª in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON¡¯T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!

President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!

Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact.

There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!

I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?

Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!

Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!

More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.

These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don¡¯t evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!

With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!

On this Veterans Day ¡ª the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE! 

Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.

Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there!

Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle.

Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasn¡¯t, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LA,ortions of other countries military protection.

hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.

.of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!

The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!

The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!

The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!

American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. ¡°These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&T-Time Warner would do.¡± Charlie Gasparino

Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!

I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.

Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One & Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!

On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!

The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!

By the way, when the helicopter couldn¡¯t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport & big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!

When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to ¡°find¡± enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!

The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!

We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.

Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States & around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family & friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.

It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very, very special people!

Not seen in many years, America¡¯s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration¡¯s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!

Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage & genius. God Bless you all!

Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!

I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House & Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement.

Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start ¡ª new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms.

The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!

The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don¡¯t.

.care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won¡¯t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!

Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page & her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?

The only ¡°Collusion¡± is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn¡¯t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don¡¯t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That¡¯s the real Collusion!

It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans & Military Families...
To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, & to every Veteran & Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation!

Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,6.overnment employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.

It is our sacred duty to support America¡¯s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform ¨C and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes.





