We join families of Kevin King & Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let¡¯s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!

Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): ¡°What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas & theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said,¡±

I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!¡± Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, ¡°Good, go tell the truth!¡± This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!

I WANT NOTHING!

Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn¡¯t care about American Workers!

If this were a prizefight, they¡¯d stop it!

Watch @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews

All four of Gordon Sondland¡¯s lawyers are Democrat Donors.¡± @TuckerCarlson  Despite this, big win today for Republicans!

Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin 

Why do @ShannonBream & @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don¡¯t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!

During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, & the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision & Cook!l

The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, & yet, when I got home to the White House & checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE & CORRUPT NEWS!

Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, & my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.

President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I¡¯m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!

¡°Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.¡± @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!

I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption & dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!

Corrupt politician Adam Schiff¡¯s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party¡¯s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History.

But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.

¡°The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems¡¯ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.¡± Sam Dewey 
@FoxNews

....¡±Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.¡±

The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher¡¯s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!

Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!

I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I¡¯ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!

Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: ¡°Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting & ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland¡¯s testimony stated that.

President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn¡¯t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government.¡± Thank you Ken!

Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country.

They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!

SCHIFF'S "FACT" WITNESSES!

"SCHIFF'S CHARADE" @SeanHannity

Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.¡± Hello, here we go! @foxandfriends

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there¡¯s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade

Thank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party, as there is right now!

and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don¡¯t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS.

While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs ¨C other countries pay far less ¨C that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table.

.Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn¡¯t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families.

House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!

The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.¡± @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews

Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!

Joe Concha, The Hill: ¡°In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49% Oppose, 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven¡¯t done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.

The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff¡¯s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John

Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It¡¯s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.¡± 
@IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!

Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!

NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. ¡°Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American¡¯s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.

ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump¡¯s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. ¡°I want no Quid Pro Quo¡± Ambassador.

Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi & Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.¡±

Thank you Kevin for the nice words!

95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!

Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA!

Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!

Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, & Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!

Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!

Too bad we didn¡¯t have the G-7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $35,000,000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon.

This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats!

The Unspoken Truth: What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020

Exclusive: Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind

But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts (2)!

Witch Hunt!

This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written & reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News, just like the @washingtonpost!

The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.

¡°The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!¡± @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don¡¯t care!

Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!

I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher¡¯s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie¡¯s rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administration¡¯s.

contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer¡¯s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service & commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.

honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!

¡°President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.¡± Sam Dewey

Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20¡¯s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA, and much more!

¡°The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.¡± @kilmeade @foxandfriends

Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!

DOW, NASDAQ, S&P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS¡±

Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.¡± Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle

Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He¡¯s done so many great things. He¡¯s devastated ISIS & killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.¡± Jason Meister

Great job Heather!

I will always protect our great warfighters. I¡¯ve got your backs!

When the Military rips down an old & badly broken Border Wall in an important location, & replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel & Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! 

The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn¡¯s respected.

lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, & I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren¡¯t putting up money also. Likewise, I would.

.love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!

OMB Official: Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Weren't Giving¡±

THANK YOU FLORIDA! #KAG2020

GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA


