Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, ※it＊s just not Presidential!§

The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.

Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?

Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this ※Bomb§ stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!

I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.

I would like to begin today＊s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody.

I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys＊ Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!

It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America＊s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders.

Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all 每 you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST!

If you meet every day with optimism 每 if you confront every obstacle with determination 每 if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride 每 then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach!

Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko!

Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress!

Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. 

Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!

Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.

As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police.

All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries.

This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.

Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose & dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!

Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. 

Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed & stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!

The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake & Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!

There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open & obvious hostility & report the news accurately & fairly. That will do much to put out the flame.

Of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!

Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!

Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!

In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!

Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!

CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the ※Media is the Enemy of the People.§ Wrong! I said that the ※Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People,§ a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!

Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word ※Media.§ The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!

I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews

Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!

Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!

Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

@JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn＊t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute ※King§ of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State & Country. Strong Endorsement!

The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes & Open Borders!

※If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think we＊re going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that we＊ve had for the S&P 500.§ Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.

Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.

MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State 每 and always produces big.

Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that＊s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!

Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!

The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but won＊t!

Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!

Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!

Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad & solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!

So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words ※subject to the jurisdiction thereof.§ Many legal scholars agree.

Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) ※stuff.§ Don＊t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!

The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!

※Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy!§ Brad Blakeman @FoxNews

Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!

Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!

Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!

It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!

Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and http://Vote.GOP  so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! 

Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship!

Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!

His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders 每 could never do the job. Get out and VOTE 每 Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 

Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country 每 returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. 