After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar, @TamimBinHamad, it was my great honor to welcome him to the 
@WhiteHouse this afternoon!

Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th.

Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!

A truly great, patriotic & charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don¡¯t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed.

to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (¡°Deplorables¡±) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!

More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their ¡°Enemy.¡± They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don¡¯t care who gets hurt, but also don¡¯t understand that two can play that game!

So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won¡¯t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?

¡°The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....¡± @RudyGiuliani

¡°FBI¡¯s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel & Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.¡± John Solomon, The Hill. 

¡°Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House & the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we¡¯ve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.

done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he¡¯s a Businessman. Because he¡¯s a great businessman, he¡¯s pushing for lives to be better.¡± Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech

The Dems Witch Hunt continues!

Iran has long been secretly ¡°enriching,¡± in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!

Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don¡¯t make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of.

serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!

My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health.

Thank you Robert Johnson!

Today, on this ¡°USMCA Day of Action,¡± thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses. 

Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there.

Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USA¡¯s truly great companies!

Thank you so much @JonVoight!

THANK YOU BILL!

The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.

The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!

Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.

months, the lowest since 1972.¡± The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle

Robert Johnson, B.E.T. ¡°I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that¡¯s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at.

the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, you¡¯ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.¡±  Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!

The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn¡¯t use many banks because the banks didn¡¯t like me. No, I didn¡¯t use many banks because I didn¡¯t (don¡¯t) need their money (old fashioned, isn¡¯t it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.

And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!

Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called ¡°Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,¡± because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends

Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly.

conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was ¡°done¡± after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!

Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!

Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!

¡°It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!¡± 
@BillHemmer @FoxNews

Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!

So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period.

The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six.

years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That¡¯s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman.

or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!

Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM!

To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes & loved ones from flooding & the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State & Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, & be SAFE!

I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity.

Similarly, Facebook Libra¡¯s ¡°virtual currency¡± will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National.

and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!

Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation ¨C you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR!

Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH!

Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate & former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser & leader.

When Mitt chose Paul I told people that¡¯s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn¡¯t know how to Win. They gave me standing O¡¯s in the Great State of Wisconsin, & booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, & failed (happening anyway!)

He had the Majority & blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn¡¯t get him out of Congress fast enough!

Thank you! Quote Tweet Save the littles!!! @eaglelion7 Replying to @USCG @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS PRESIDENT TRUMP BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!! #MAGA 2020!!

Interesting!

Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane!

The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!

When you are the big ¡°piggy bank¡± that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get.

companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,

if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency & subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.

Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!

Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!

Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation.

Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.

We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I¡¯m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas & Bernadette ¡°Bernie¡± Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman & Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, & do, great UNITY in PA!

I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men & women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling.

Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders & our 2nd A. Loves our Military & our Vets. Has my Complete & Total Endorsement!

The DOW, S&P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high!

Leaving the Great State of Ohio!

Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio!

"BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE" @SeanHannity

"EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!"

¡°MUELLER¡¯S PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!¡±

Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wife¡¯s campaign, while Hillary was under ¡°investigation¡± by FBI!

This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us ¡°the insurance policy.¡±

House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul¡¯s final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, ¡°abysmal.¡± People like.

Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective & stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You¡¯ll see next year!

94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!

A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!

So interesting to see ¡°Progressive¡± Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly.

and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don¡¯t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how.

it is done. These places need your help badly, you can¡¯t leave fast enough. I¡¯m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!

Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway!

Friday¡¯s tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children¡¯s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing 
@nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals.

Sorry, can¡¯t let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!

Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats!

So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, ¡°RACIST.¡± Their disgusting language.

and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!

We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed¡¯s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!

China¡¯s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal.

with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing & pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!

When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them & their horrible & disgusting actions!

If Democrats want to unite around the foul language & racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular & unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.

We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they¡¯re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin¡¯s,

they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don¡¯t need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject.

What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they¡¯re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted.

to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!¡±  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?

Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes
, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!

We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country.

They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, ¡°some people did something.¡± Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more.

Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now ¨C rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!

The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four ¡°progressives,¡± but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!

The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

¡°The best economy in our lifetime!¡± @IngrahamAngle

The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, & yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist & public.

shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn¡¯t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!

¡°Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.¡± @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!

If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he¡¯s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn¡¯t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.¡± Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason¡¯s great new book, POWER GRAB!

Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!

Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don¡¯t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show ¡°weakness¡± and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat.

Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!

Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader, ¡°The President¡¯s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.¡±  Thank you Kevin!

