¡°Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They¡¯re Inventing A Coverup.¡± @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs

The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......

....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn¡¯t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......

....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!

Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!

JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!196,000 jobs were created in March, beating market expectations. This marks the longest streak of consecutive jobs growth on record.

Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!

I¡¯ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!

¡°America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000¡±

The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can¡¯t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can¡¯t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Just arrived in Calexico, California!

Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security!

Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.

Congratulations David, a very big deal!

¡°The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.¡± @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!

¡°Collusion was a Hoax from day one.¡± @dbongino  @foxandfriends

Thank you to two great people!

I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....

.....years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, ¡°Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.¡±

Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon!

So, let¡¯s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....

.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?

To every member of the @RJC, thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC

Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It¡¯s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!

We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border¡¯s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic & commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....

....it¡¯s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous & massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....

....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!

Looks like Bob Mueller¡¯s team of 13 Trump Haters & Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt & dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!

Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!

Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service....

....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!

More apprehensions (captures)
at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes & Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...

....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!

¡°The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.¡± Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!

¡°Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.¡± @KatiePavlich

Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!

The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that¡¯s the way life goes!

Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women¡¯s Basketball National Champions!

A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL!

Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!

The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!

Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didn¡¯t get either & the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,....

....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!

The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!

On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...

¡°What¡¯s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller.¡± Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.  @Varneyco

¡°She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews...¡± 
Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO

Today, it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse!

¡°The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, & that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?¡± @TuckerCarlson Molly H

The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!

Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!

Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night!

Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way!

So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony & Treasonous Hoax!

Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure!

THANK YOU Texas, I love you!

CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!

I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!

Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!

"SPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS"

"Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed!" @MariaBartiromo

