Robert Mueller and Leakin¡¯ Lyin¡¯ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasn¡¯t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of ¡°legal¡± at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt.

Will Robert Mueller¡¯s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman¡¯s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people¡¯s lives, took down great companies, only to be.

overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial & many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton.

Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin¡¯ James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isn¡¯t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of.

the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, & also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, & all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC & Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!

China talks are going very well!

It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.

Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!

We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!

I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!

I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush.

and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!

Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didn¡¯t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn¡¯t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!

Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!

It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!

Totally clears the President. Thank you!

The Paris Agreement isn¡¯t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting ¡°We Want Trump!¡± Love France.

The idea of a European Military didn¡¯t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!

AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!

I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army ¨C as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring.

I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.

¡°This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.¡± @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!

Very sad day & night in Paris. Maybe it¡¯s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!

Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers.

left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask ¡°the Dick¡± to travel with me!

Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now!

It was my honor to attend today¡¯s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win!

On 245  occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn¡¯t know, didn¡¯t recall, or couldn¡¯t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn¡¯t know who signed off and didn¡¯t know Christopher Steele. All lies!

Leakin¡¯ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!

The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, & we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!

I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!

¡°Democrats can¡¯t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey¡¯s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.¡± @FoxNews  That¡¯s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution.

which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama¡¯s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer¡¯s liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!

James Comey¡¯s behind closed doors testimony reveals that ¡°there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion¡± with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!

Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.¡± @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.

Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls & Fences, or Border Patrol Officers & Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.

Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier & less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections & fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,

however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.

I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer & Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built.

People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!

Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!

Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!

Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn¡¯t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!

James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!

¡°I don¡¯t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...¡± 
-Chris Swecker

Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.

Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!

The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can¡¯t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?

@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!

I often stated, ¡°One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.¡± This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly & anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!

I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called ¡°advice of counsel,¡± and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly.

stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not.

guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!

They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn¡¯t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!

WITCH HUNT!

If it was a Conservative that said what ¡°crazed¡± Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television.

She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!

Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews, airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!

Happy 382nd Birthday @USNationalGuard. Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. We love you!

Today, it was my honor to welcome our Nation¡¯s newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse!

Let¡¯s not do a shutdown, Democrats - do what¡¯s right for the American People!