Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!

Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It¡¯s as simple as that - and everybody¡¯s talking! Remember, we are the ¡°piggy bank¡± that¡¯s being robbed. All will be Great!

Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!

Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!

Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I¡¯m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don¡¯t want Trump!

I want to thank the VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. 

On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER!

Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible!

The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won¡¯t!

So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn¡¯t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!

¡°The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton & Frame Donald Trump¡± is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!

Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!

When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!

China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love & respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.

What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!

Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!

The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship ¨C the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens.

This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous & peaceful.

Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant & successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!

Great meeting on Trade today with JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving.

along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!

Obviously the European Union, as represented by JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other!

Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!

Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!

European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!

Twitter ¡°SHADOW BANNING¡± prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.

Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!

The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!

a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn¡¯t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book.

called ¡°The Case Against Impeaching Trump,¡± which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!

The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.

Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion.

the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn¡¯t waste my time with dumb questions.

I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary¡¯s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!

GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!

Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!

I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%!

We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!

The USNavy¡¯s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: ¡°It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.¡± Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful!

Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: ¡°There is nobody that has done more for border security & public safety than President Trump. I¡¯ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration & President Trump, that¡¯s just a stone cold fact!¡±

Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!

Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?

Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST & WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote ¡°R¡±

Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!

The only things the Democrats do well is ¡°Resist,¡± which is their campaign slogan, and ¡°Obstruct.¡± Cryin¡¯ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting ¡°forever¡± to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!

Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!

Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media & how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, ¡°Enemy of the People.¡± Sad!

The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.

I would be willing to ¡°shut down¡± government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch & Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!

When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news.

accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it¡¯s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the.

dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times.

and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!

There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!

Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty & contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) & Comey is his close friend.

Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama.And why isn¡¯t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity & real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?

We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch & Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!

Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as WhiteHouse Chief of Staff!

your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!

who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader.

John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!

Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, ¡°Liars, Leakers, and Liberals ¨C The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!¡±

Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking.

That Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!

Thank you to RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!