REPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great), which will lead to a runoff against....

a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don¡¯t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! 
@LAGOP

As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the.

People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor¡¯s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.

I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!

Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.

Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!

All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this ¡°stuff¡± from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!

¡°Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven¡¯t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.¡± Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews

Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!

All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K¡¯s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!

Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices & working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!

Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS!

Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!

The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone¡¯s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you¡¯ll need it!

¡°Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower¡¯s Accusations¡± SCHIFF IS A FRAUD! 

LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!

Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, 
@TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment.

He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete & Total Endorsement!

DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020

The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!

¡°The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.¡± @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?

Keep up the great work Kellie!

Great job Richard!

A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now!

Thank you Hugh!

Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice!

The Republican Party has never had such support!

Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign!

Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!).'

Fake News, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged, they have lost their minds!

Leader McCarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don¡¯t have a chance!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!

ELECTION INTERFERENCE!

Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn¡¯t get everybody in. I will be back soon!

There wasn¡¯t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!

¡°Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems¡±

This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.¡±

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

Thank you @JennaEllisRives, really well done!

¡°It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. I¡¯ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.¡± @greggutfeld @FoxNews
  Witch Hunt!

Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nation¡¯s Seniors. Today¡¯s action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

".blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public." @RepLeeZeldin

As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!

Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems!

The Do Nothing Democrats don¡¯t have time to get it done!

AOC is a Wack Job!

Great job Jim!

We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the ¡°Press,¡± but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!

This isn¡¯t about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale!

¡°They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...¡± Joe diGenova

Nancy Pelosi today, on @GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn¡¯t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?

The Washington Times, ¡°Ukraine envoy blows ¡®massive hole¡¯ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.¡± The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!

As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!

Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).

The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!

¡°When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.¡±  Rep. Lee Zeldin

¡°The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.¡±  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!

¡°I think it¡¯s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.¡±  Ed Rollins @FoxNews

WOW, this is big stuff!

Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!

At the request of @SenThomTillis, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C,. and so do I!

I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. & vice versa.

When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.¡±  Rep. Lee Zeldin 
@FoxNews

LYIN¡¯ SHIFTY SCHIFF!

Adam Schiff¡¯s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.¡± @FoxNews These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment ¡°scam¡± to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading.

it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!

My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!

Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota next Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets: http://bit.ly/2Iolcwx

Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC, the Do Nothing Democrat ¡°leader.¡±

It isn¡¯t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi & Schiff, & the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump & the President.

of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes & misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.¡±  Richard Ketay

Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.¡± @seanhannity @FoxNews
The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!

Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country!

Where is the LameStream Media on this?

Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript¡±

GREAT BOOK!

Report: ¡®Whistleblower¡¯ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General¡±

Thank you @robertjeffress!

Too bad!
In May, Joe Biden's lead over Dem field nationally was 26.8 points. Today it's 2.2 points. He's no longer the frontrunner. It's not the same race we've been talking about for months. http://ow.ly/D0oH50wBQJT

SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS!

Thank you @KimStrassel and @AndrewCMcCarthy!

"NEW EXTREME DEMS NOW RUNNING THE PARTY!"

The Media is ¡°Fixed¡± and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes & @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!

The so-called Whistleblower¡¯s account of my perfect phone call is ¡°way off,¡± not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!

Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!

Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous ¡°ass¡± who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him), and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn¡¯t give it to him). He is so bad for R¡¯s!

THIS IS THE REAL STORY! @GreggJarrett

"Schiff is a FRAUD!" @dbongino

Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!

I¡¯m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY

No Kevin, Jeff Flake is better!

So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can¡¯t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!

Mitt, get off the stage, you¡¯ve had your turn (twice)!

Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game!

President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching & engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at.¡± Peter Schweizer, author, ¡°Secret Empires.¡±

The first so-called second hand information ¡°Whistleblower¡± got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another ¡°Whistleblower¡± is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!

The great Scam is being revealed!

The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed!

95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!

The Democrats are lucky that they don¡¯t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!

It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (Plus,Plus) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,

and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers & others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!

The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.

And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don¡¯t think it¡¯s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won¡¯t get to the starting gate, & based on all of the money he & his family probably ¡°extorted,¡± Joe should hang it up. I wouldn¡¯t want him dealing with China & U!

Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.

Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt!

Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on ¡°Deface the Nation.¡± The CBS no name host(ess), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!

Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota this Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets: http://bit.ly/2Iolcwx

Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of ¡°Meet the Press¡± had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn¡¯t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!

Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge ¡°Do you think what you¡¯ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?¡± Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. ¡°I don¡¯t!¡±

Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?

forgot¡± to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!

Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan ¡°Whistleblower¡± & lawyer.

This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle¡¯ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly ¡°Colluded¡± with them, must all be immediately Impeached!

The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate,

including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said ¡°NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.¡± They.

again said ¡°NO,¡± thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the ¡°sucker,¡± on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for.

almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.

figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their ¡°neighborhood.¡± They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!

We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!

IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.¡± @foxandfriends But why are people surprised? The ¡°partisan¡± Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, ¡°no pressure,¡± call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!

¡°Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.¡± @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!

Heritage Foundation ¡°These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that.

doesn¡¯t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.¡± Stephen Moore, Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!

The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!

I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don¡¯t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia & China, because they love seeing us bogged.

down, watching over a quagmire, & spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back & BLAST!

As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I¡¯ve done before!). They must, with Europe and others, watch over.

the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!

"The Truth About Impeachment"@SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC

Thank you @HeyTammyBruce!

There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution¡¯s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can¡¯t be impeached for the conduct that¡¯s been alleged in this case.¡± 
@AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity A Scam!

Great book!

Adam should be Impeached!

Thank you Joni!

The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again!

So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very.

good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. 

We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully.

understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!

I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republican¡¯s rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public.

to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondland¡¯s tweet, which few report, stated, ¡°I believe you are incorrect about President Trump¡¯s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo¡¯s of any kind.¡± That says it ALL!

I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how & why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting ¡°C¡± Subpoena!

Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!

Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can¡¯t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly & proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!

Get your great T-Shirts, ¡°Cops for Trump,¡± at http://MPDFEDERATION.COM  REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers & Union! 
@foxandfriends


