In speaking with some of the world¡¯s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. ¡°Stop quarterly reporting & go to a six month system,¡± said one. That would allow greater flexibility & save money. I have asked the SEC to study!

How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WE¡¯RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?

The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead.

Attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, & go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!

Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!

The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.

Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America¡¯s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew ¡°choked¡± badly, mistake!

When a politician admits that ¡°We¡¯re not going to make America great again,¡± there doesn¡¯t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!

Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, ¡°WE¡¯RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT¡± or Hillary Clinton¡¯s ¡°DEPLORABLES¡± statement.

I say Andrew¡¯s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!

¡°Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.¡±  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!

¡°Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it¡¯s astonishing that he¡¯s still employed. Bruce & Nelly Ohr¡¯s bank account is getting fatter & fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn¡¯t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.

financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation.all Major Crimes.because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......¡±  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! 

Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won¡¯t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.

Censorship is a very dangerous thing & absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN & MSNBC, & yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don¡¯t watch at all.

Too many voices are being destroyed, some good & some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good & bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!

All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!

Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history & since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!

The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!

The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!

I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!

The failing nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type ¡°RAT.¡± But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn¡¯t have to. I have nothing to hide.

And have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller & his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!

No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked¡¯s Emails!

The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - & the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!

Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!

Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!

Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone.

looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people¡¯s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller¡¯s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!

Where¡¯s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!

I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country¡¯s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won¡¯t sue!

Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it¡¯s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn¡¯t because of the good job he did! He is a political ¡°hack.¡±

Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  ¡°Justice¡± Department? A total joke!

¡°Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn¡¯t happen.¡± Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word ¡°apparently.¡±  @FoxNews

It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT ¨C and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!

DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment & potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military & Vets-has my total Endorsement!

Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan¡¯s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity

Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign & do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy & Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!

I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party¡¯s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes & Crime. He will Make California Great Again &  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!

A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!

Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn¡¯t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!

Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!

I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!

Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!

Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That¡¯s not at all nice. No imagination! 

If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don¡¯t retain the services of Michael Cohen!

I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. ¡°Justice¡± took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to ¡°break¡± - make up stories in order to get a ¡°deal.¡± Such respect for a brave man!

A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!

Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!

Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.

Today, President Trump welcomed the family of @usairforce Tech. Sgt. John A. Chapman, Medal of Honor recipient, to the Oval Office, prior to the East Room Ceremony. L-R: Chapman¡¯s mother Teresa Chapman, daughter Madison Chapman, wife Valerie Nessel and daughter Brianna Chapman.

Today, President Trump welcomed the family of @usairforce Tech. Sgt. John A. Chapman, Medal of Honor recipient, to the Oval Office, prior to the East Room Ceremony. L-R: Chapman¡¯s mother Teresa Chapman, daughter Madison Chapman, wife Valerie Nessel and daughter Brianna Chapman.

The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!

I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. ¡°South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.¡± 

It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the WhiteHouse!

I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts!

Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!