¡°The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll, What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump¡±

The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT!

They will never do it!

They spied on my campaign!

Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGA

¡°New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.¡± @foxandfriends  I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don¡¯t even allege a crime. Crazy!

It¡¯s great to have a wonderful subject, President Trump. Fake News like CNN & MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly, they would do well. Have Zero credibility!

No crime!

So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta, Chill!

Great deal for USA!

A fantastic night in Pennsylvania!

Thank you!

What a great evening!

I will be there in two weeks, The Southern White House!

Very sad!
Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He¡¯ll eventually have to answer for this!

Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!

Very dishonest pols!

Amazing!

Dirty cops!

ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or @ColbyCovMMA anytime soon. They much prefer people who can¡¯t fight back!

Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it, and so do we!

Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us (our Country!) a favor, not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.

I also have constantly asked, ¡°Why aren¡¯t Germany, France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol¡¯ United States?¡± The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!

I think it¡¯s obvious to all the American public that this is a railroad job!¡± @JimPressOffice

.by Congress, by the Justice Department & FBI friends of the Democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said, wait a minute, this is out of control, this train is off the tracks, it¡¯s time to get reasonable.¡±

What¡¯s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.¡±

Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for ¡°two and a half years.¡± In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!

Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!

Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it¡¯s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.¡±

Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!

The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case, in fact the Dems have no case at all, but the unity & sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!

My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95%, a Record. Thank you!

Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!

The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!

The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!

¡°All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.¡±

Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!

How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. (Choice!), cut Taxes & Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!

Record Stock Market & Jobs!

The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!

We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder

The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!

¡°This whole process has been rigged from the start.¡±

HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #Guard383

It¡¯s not fair that I¡¯m being Impeached when I¡¯ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!

¡°The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.¡± 
@LouDobbs

25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! 
@robertjeffress @LouDobbs

After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, @BrettKavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!

¡°Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.¡± Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida

There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there¡¯s no crime, there¡¯s no witness, there¡¯s no evidence, there¡¯s no victim, President Zelensky said there was.

absolutely no pressure. I don¡¯t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn¡¯t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have.

trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump¡¯s re-election in 2020.¡±

On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!

Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He & the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin¡¯ Chuck!

The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!

Congratulations @NavyFB!

Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag & totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, & also corrupt politician Adam ¡°Shifty¡± Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!

Both Commiecast MSNBC & Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don¡¯t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They¡¯ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How¡¯s Shep doing?

It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania! 

Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions!

Incredible young, strong and brilliant people. Army/Navy!

I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief¡¯s Trophy!

Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don¡¯t have the ¡°guts¡± to say so!

Wow, that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart!

Schiff¡¯s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. 
@MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!

Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck!

As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn¡¯t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!

A PERFECT phone call. ¡°Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.¡± Then go on to talk about ¡°Country¡± and ¡°U.S. Attorney General.¡± The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020

So now Comey¡¯s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he¡¯s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?

There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.¡±

¡°The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.¡± @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!

The @foxnewPolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!

Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I¡¯d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!

.@seanhannity, who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M., @foxnews, stated about the Impeachment Hoax, ¡°This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.¡±

Because Nancy¡¯s teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didn¡¯t have time to think!

Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought!

Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television!

of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,

Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....

of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....

.energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they¡¯re....

impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can¡¯t beat him in a fair fight next year.¡± @NextRevFNC @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!

¡°The American people see through it.¡±

READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!

I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.

The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters & Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up.

to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly & avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R¡¯s)!

Thank you CC!

Thank you Devin. Great reflexes!

New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that ¨C and we will never get tired of winning!

Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party. It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat. People like that are not easily replaceable!

The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, want to impeach me. Don¡¯t worry, I have done nothing wrong. Actually, they have!

¡°Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals, defense spending and Space Force.¡± Thank you!

Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about!

The new USA Today Poll, just out, has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That¡¯s hard to believe since the Fake News & 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts, as phony as they are, just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy, & everything else!

Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. This is the time to do it. Exports would zoom!

Senator Josh Hawley (R-Mo) ¡°They (the Dems) don¡¯t have anything. This whole thing is a joke, and it¡¯s time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. There¡¯s nothing there, and they didn¡¯t even charge a crime. They¡¯ve had their

chance, they¡¯ve had their kangaroo court, they¡¯ve had their circus for weeks and months. There just isn¡¯t anything there and there¡¯s no way I¡¯m voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasn¡¯t committed any impeachable offenses.¡±

We support 
@JeanineAnez
 in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U.S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!

Congresswoman Kay 
@GrangerCampaign
 has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She¡¯s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Congressman 
@MarkwayneMullin
 is a big time #MAGA supporter! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military, he loves our Farmers and he¡¯s Strong on Border Security. I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement!

is a BUSINESSMAN first. He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices! Buddy's 100% pro-Wall & 100% pro-jobs. He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total, Strong Endorsement!

Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military. Dan is Strong on the #2A and is 100% pro-jobs. I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Wow! ¡°In a stunning rebuke of the FBI, the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector General¡¯s Report. There were at least 17 significant errors.¡± @FoxNews Statement by the Court was long and tough. Means my case was a SCAM!

Democrat ¡°leadership,¡± despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes, it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!'

Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin¡¯ Chuck Schumer, D.C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who (and now we know for sure) SPIED on my campaign.

So, if Comey & the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court, wouldn¡¯t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? They went after me with the Fake Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary & the DNC, which they illegally presented to FISA.

They want to Impeach me (I¡¯m not worried!), and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful (Economy Plus) President of the United States, who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!

¡°Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?¡±

My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.¡± @kilmeade  Well said Brian!

Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!

They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldn¡¯t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress, which every administration from the beginning has done.¡±

¡°It¡¯s sad. Here¡¯s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They started the day after he was elected, even the day after he was sworn in.  But this President came to Washington and.

said, ¡°I¡¯m going to clean up Washington, I¡¯m going to help people.¡± He gave big tax cuts, he¡¯s made our military strong. They¡¯re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record we¡¯re experiencing some of the best times we¡¯ve ever.

had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he¡¯s always fought, for himself & for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs & trade policies. That¡¯s what makes this President stand.

out, and he¡¯s been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020.¡± 
@RepDougCollins @foxandfriends Thank you Doug!

Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. Has my total and complete endorsement!

Sean P is a much stronger candidate!

¡°This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo, not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!¡±

¡°Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment.¡± 

Will go down in history as worst Speaker. Already thrown out once!



